The effect of sulfate pre-treatment to improve the deposition of Au-nanoparticles in a gold-modified sulfated g-C3N4 plasmonic photocatalyst towards visible light induced water reduction reaction	In continuation of our earlier work on Au-g-C3N4 and to improve its activity further, Au incorporated sulfated carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has been designed by using a simple impregnation cum borohydrate reduction method for the visible light induced water reduction reaction for hydrogen generation. The photocatalysts were characterized using various instrumental methods such as PXRD, UV-Vis DRS, SEM, HR-TEM, XPS, PL and TRPL spectral analysis. Functionalisation by the -HSO3 group and incorporation of AuNPs in the g-C3N4 skeleton lead to the extension of its pi-conjugated system, modification of its semiconductor properties, such as band structure engineering with a tunable bandgap, red-shift of the optical absorption band and promotion of charge migration and separation. The sulfate pre-treated g-C3N4 samples are supposed to have a defected surface due to oxygen vacancies, which increases the adsorption of AuNPs onto the vacant oxygen sites. Thus the AuNPs get adsorbed on the reduced surfaces, increasing the extent and effectiveness of the electronic communication between gold and the g-C3N4 interface. The improved photocatalytic activity could be attributed to the surface plasmon resonance (SPR) effect of AuNPs, which synergistically facilitates the photocatalysis process. The photocatalytic activity of Au-sulfated g-C3N4 for photocatalytic splitting of water to produce H2 was increased 1.5 times compared to that of Au-g-C3N4, 2.5 times compared to that of sulphated-g-C3N4 and 35 times compared to that of single-phase g-C3N4.
Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) electrodes for energy conversion and storage: a review on photoelectrochemical water splitting, solar cells and supercapacitors	Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has emerged as one of the most promising photocatalysts due to its metal-free nature, abundance of raw material, and thermal physical-chemical stability. The breakthrough research studies in recent years have mostly been concentrated on the engineering of the intrinsic and morphological properties of g-C3N4-based photocatalysts in the framework of powder suspensions for artificial photosynthesis and environmental remediation. However, practical applications of g-C3N4-based electrodes and devices are still in the early stages of development due to challenging fabrication methods of g-C3N4 thin films. This review addresses the classification of diverse techniques to deposit g-C3N4-based thin films and explores a broad spectrum of applications pertinent to g-C3N4-based electrodes. Although this paper is principally focused on photoelectrochemical water splitting, other emerging applications of g-C3N4 in solar cells, electrocatalysts and supercapacitors are also reviewed. Lastly, further suggestions are posited for other potential applications, challenges and future orientations.
Biochar-templated g-C3N4/Bi2O2CO3/CoFe2O4 nano-assembly for visible and solar assisted photo-degradation of paraquat, nitrophenol reduction and CO2 conversion	The development of novel visible powered nano-heterojunctions with multi-pronged capabilities for environmental and catalytic applications has been gaining importance for persistent pollutant degradation & clean energy production. A magnetically recoverable biochar supported ternary g-C3N4/Bi2O2CO3/CoFe2O4 heterojunction (BCBF) was fabricated which shows a high visible photoactivity. The heterojunction was used for degradation of pesticide paraquat under visible radiation (Xe lamp), natural sunlight, photo-ozonation, peroxymonosulphate, and coupled conditions. A high degradation of 99.3% was achieved under visible radiation in 90 min and 92.1% under solar light in 120 min. Biochar supported ternary junction performs manifold faster than Bi2O2CO3/CoFe2O4, g-C3N4/CoFe2O4, g-C3N4/CoFe2O4, Bi2O2CO3 (BOC), CoFe2O4 (CF) and g-C3N4 (CN). The effect of operational parameters as effect of pH, H2O2, anions, ozone and peroxymonosulphate (PMS) was also studied. In BCBF + PMS + O-3 + Vis protocol a spectacular complete degradation was observed in less than 30 min. Ternary band structure efficiently reduces the charge recombination rate and promotes spectral activity which was confirmed by photoluminescence, photocurrent response and EIS analysis. By LC-MS, scavenging experiments and ESR studies a possible mechanism was also proposed. Cyto-toxicity studies of degraded products on human peripheral blood cells revealed almost 99% cell viability affirming the complete mineralization. The junction was also used for reduction of 4-nitrophenol into 4-aminophenol with complete conversion in less than 5 min with rate constant 13.05 x 10(-3) s(-1). In addition the ternary junction shows a high visible powered conversion of CO2 (p)roducing CH4 (similar to 119 mu mol g(-1)), CO (similar to 131 mu mol g(-1)) and O-2 (similar to 242 mu mol g(-1)) with a high rate constant of 13.05 x 10(-3) s(-1).
Boosting the Photocatalytic Ability of g-C3N4 for Hydrogen Production by Ti3C2 MXene Quantum Dots	The big challenging issues in photocatalytic H-2 evolution are efficient separation of the photoinduced carriers, the stability of the catalyst, enhancing quantum efficiency, and requiring photoinduced electrons to enrich on photocatalysts' surface. Herein, Ti3C2 MXene quantum dots (QDs) possess the activity of Pt as a co-catalyst in promoting the photocatalytic H-2 evolution to form heterostructures with g-C3N4 nanosheets (NSs) (denoted g-C3N4@Ti3C2 QDs). The photo catalytic H-2 evolution rate of g-C3N4@Ti3C2 QD composites with an optimized Ti3C2 QD loading amounts (100 mL) is nearly 26, 3 and 10 times higher than pristine g-C3N4 NSs, Pt/g-C3N4, and Ti3C2 MXene sheet/g-C3N4, respectively. The Ti3C2 QDs increase the specific surface area of g-C3N4 and boost the density of the active site. Besides, metallic Ti3C2 QDs possess excellent electronic conductivity, causing the improvement of carrier transfer efficiency.
Graphitic carbon nitride based Z scheme photocatalysts: Design considerations, synthesis, characterization and applications	Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has emerged as the most favored photocatalyst owing to its intriguing electronic band structure, stability, cost effectiveness, unique layered structure and facile synthesis procedure. But, the pristine g-C3N4 suffers from a limited photocatalytic activity because of its low charge carrier separation efficiency. Construction of a Z scheme photocatalyst could enhance the charge carrier suppression efficiency and increases the photocatalytic performance significantly. In this review, the design aspects of g-C3N4 based Z scheme photocatalysts and the considerations in the selection of synthesis procedures of g-C3N4 based Z scheme photocatalysts have been analyzed critically. The characterization methods of Z scheme photocatalysts have also been discussed. Further, the recent environmental applications of g-C3N4 based Z scheme photocatalysts have been explored. The review finishes with the concluding remarks and a brief discussion on future challenges and prospects of g-C3N4 based Z scheme photocatalysts. (C) 2019 The Korean Society of Industrial and Engineering Chemistry. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Rational Design of Carbon-Doped Carbon Nitride/Bi12O17Cl2 Composites: A Promising Candidate Photocatalyst for Boosting Visible-Light-Driven Photocatalytic Degradation of Tetracycline	Many recent advances based on 2D materials have opened new possibilities in photocatalysis. In this paper, a new 2D semiconductor composite consisting of carbon-doped carbon nitride (denoted as CCN) layers and Bi12O17Cl2 layers was designed via an in situ method. A supramolecular chemistry approach was employed to form CCN by using the hydrogen-bonded melamine-cyanuric acid and barbituric acid, and Bi12O17Cl2 layers were obtained by using a moderate solvothermal method. CCN/Bi12O17Cl2 composite had superior photocatalytic performance for degrading antibiotic tetracycline (TC) under visible-light irradiation. The degradation rate constant of 20%CCN/Bi12O17Cl2 is 0.0409 min(-1), which is approximately 2.9-, 1.5-, and 32.1-fold those of pristine Bi12O17Cl2, CCN, and BiOCl, respectively. Electrochemical measurements showed that CCN/Bi12O17Cl2 composite has high photogenerated charge carrier separation efficiency. According to the trapping and electron spin resonance results, superoxide radicals and holes were the main active radicals in the degradation of TC. The enhanced photocatalytic activity of CCN/Bi12O17Cl2 can be attributed to enhanced charge separation. It is expected that the CCN/Bi12O17Cl2 composite could be utilized as visible-light photocatalyst for other environmental applications.
The distinct role of boron doping in Sn3O4 microspheres for synergistic removal of phenols and Cr(vi) in simulated wastewater	A powerful photocatalyst is the key for photocatalytic environmental purification via sunlight harvesting and utilization. In this work, novel boron doped Sn3O4 microspheres constructed from nanoplates were designed and fabricated. Density functional theory (DFT) studies were carried out to investigate the boron doping mechanism, in which DFT predicted that boron doping would enhance the light harvesting capability and the photo-response of Sn3O4, which was proved by diffuse reflectance spectra (DRS) and transient photocurrent responses. Attributed to its unique porous structure, and enhanced light harvesting and high carrier utilization capabilities, the boron doped Sn3O4 microsphere exhibited high efficiency for Cr(iv) removal and azo dyestuff degradation. Moreover, an unexpected synergistic effect upon simultaneous removal of phenols (phenol, bisphenol A and p-chlorophenol) and Cr(vi) was observed.
Direct Z-Scheme TiO2/NiS Core-Shell Hybrid Nanofibers with Enhanced Photocatalytic H-2-Production Activity	Photocatalytic water splitting to generate hydrogen (H-2) is a sustainable approach for solving the current energy crisis. A novel TiO2/NiS core-shell nanohybrid was fabricated where few-layer NiS nanoplates were deposited on TiO2 skeletons via electrospinning and hydrothermal methods. The NiS nanoplates with a thickness of ca. 28 nm stood vertically and uniformly upon the TiO2 nanofibers, guaranteeing intimate contact for charge transfer. XPS analysis and DFT calculation imply that the electrons in NiS would transfer to TiO2 upon hybridization, which creates a built-in electric field at the interfaces and thus facilitates the separation of useful electron and hole upon photoexcitation. In-situ XPS analysis directly proved that the photoexcited electrons in TiO2 migrated to NiS under UV-visible light irradiation, suggesting that a direct Z-scheme heterojunction was formed in the NiS/TiO2 hybrid. This direct Z-scheme mechanism greatly promotes the separation of useful electron-hole pairs and fosters efficient H-2 production. The hybrid nanofibers unveiled a high H-2-production rate of 655 mu mol h(-1) g(-1), which was 14.6-fold of pristine TiO2 nanofibers. Isotope ((D2O)-D-4) tracer test confirmed that H-2 was produced from water, rather than from any H-containing contaminants. This work provides an alternative approach to rationally design and synthesize TiO2-based photocatalysts with direct Z-scheme pathways toward high-efficiency photogeneration of H-2.
Mechanical, Thermal, and Ablative Properties Between Graphene Oxide and Graphitic Carbon Nitride Based Carbon/Phenolic Composites: A Comparative Study	In this article, we investigated the interfacial, thermal and ablative properties of two nanofillers-filled carbon/ phenolic (CF/PR) composites. In particular, graphene oxide (GO) and graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) were used to produce lowly loaded (0.1 wt%) composites. The ablative properties of the composites were researched through an oxygen-acetylene flame torch test and were characterized through analysis of the post-burning morphology, ablation depth and width. GO- and g-C3N4-filled composites showed 62.02 and 22.36% improvement in ablation resistance compared with the pristine, respectively, even with different mechanisms. The proposed mechanism of GO-filled composite is that GO may significantly contribute to increasing the graphitization of the fiber surface and further improving the thermal resistance to high-temperature ablation. However, thicker fiber diameter and charred layer of ablative zone in g-C3N4-filled composite can dissipate the flammable gases and improve the anti-oxidation. (C) 2018 Society of Plastics Engineers
Preparation of cobalt-graphic carbon nitride/bismuth oxychloride composite photocatalytic material used for degrading rhodamine B in water by mixing cobalt nitrate hexahydrate, melamine and deionized water under ultrasonic condition	
Synthesis of Cost-Effective g-C3N4/ZnO Heterostructure Photocatalyst for Methyl Orange (MO) Dye Degradation	
Enhanced visible-light-driven photocatalytic bacteria disinfection by g-C3N4-AgBr	g-C3N4-AgBr was synthesized by depositing AgBr nanoparticles onto g-C3N4. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM), Transmission electron microscope (TEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), UV-vis diffuse reflectance spectra (DRS) and Photoluminescence (PL) spectra were employed to characterize the as-synthesized photocatalysts. The disinfection activities towards representative Gram-negative strain E. coli and Gram-positive strain S. aureus were examined under visible light irradiation. Complete inactivation of 3 x 10(6) CFU/mL viable cell density was reached in 60 min for E. coli and 150 min for S. aureus, respectively. Ag+ released from the photocatalysts did not contribute to the photocatalytic disinfection process. Direct contact of g-C3N4-AgBr composites and bacterial cells, as well as the presence of O-2 was indispensable for the cell inactivation. Photo-generated holes, surface bounded (OH)-O-center dot, and indirect generation of intracellular active species played important roles in disinfection process of g-C3N4-AgBr under visible light irradiation. The disruption of outside structure of cells as well as inner cell injury led to the inactivation. High pH condition led to increasing the cell disinfection due to the generation of surface bounded (OH)-O-center dot. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Visible-light Promoted C-O Bond Formation with an Integrated Carbon Nitride-Nickel Heterogeneous Photocatalyst	Ni-deposited mesoporous graphitic carbon nitride (Ni-mpg-CNx) is introduced as an inexpensive, robust, easily synthesizable and recyclable material that functions as an integrated dual photocatalytic system. This material overcomes the need of expensive photosensitizers, organic ligands and additives as well as limitations of catalyst deactivation in the existing photo/Ni dual catalytic cross coupling reactions. The dual catalytic Ni-mpg-CNx is demonstrated for C-O coupling between aryl halides and aliphatic alcohols under mild condition. The reaction affords the ether product in good to excellent yields (60-92%) with broad substrate scope, including heteroaryl and aryl halides bearing electron withdrawing, donating and neutral groups. The heterogeneous Ni-mpg-CNx can be easily recovered from the reaction mixture and reused over multiple cycles without loss of activity. The findings highlight exciting opportunities for dual catalysis promoted by a fully heterogeneous system.
Active carbon supported S-promoted Bi catalysts for acetylene hydrochlorination reaction	In the present work, the sulfur doped bismuth-based catalysts were prepared by incipient wetness impregnation method and used for the hydrochlorination of acetylene to vinyl chloride monomer (VCM) in a fixed-bed reactor. The effect of introduction of S was characterized by N-2 adsorption-desorption, powder X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscopy, thermogravimetric analysis, temperature programmed reduction and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. The characterization results indicated that the doping of S resulted in the increase of Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET) surface areas and decrease of active species particle size for the Bi-based catalysts, which led to more accessible active sites, and consequently boosted the catalytic hydrochlorination activity. The effect of H2SO4 concentration on the activity of this type catalyst was examined, and the results showed that there is an optimal loading of H2SO4 (S/Bi = 0.5 mol/mol), at which the conversion of C2H2 was enhanced to 81% under the reaction condition and coke deposition is a main reason for the deactivation of catalyst. (C) 2018 Chinese Chemical Society and Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A study of renaturation of reduced hen egg white lysozyme. Enzymically active intermediates formed during oxidation of the reduced protein	The material obtained from reduced hen egg white lysozyme after complete air oxidation at pH 8.0 and 37 degrees has yielded, by gel filtration on a Bio-Gel P-30 column, enzymically active species and an enzymically inactive form which eluted sooner than the active species but later than expected for a dimer of lysozyme. Reduced lysozyme also elutes at the same position as this inactive material. Examination of the fragments produced on CNBr cleavage of the inactive form indicates that at least 24% of the population contains incorrect disulfide bonds involving half-cystine residues 6, 30, 115, and 127. Tryptophan fluorescence and the intrinsic viscosity of the inactive form show an enlarged molecular domain with a disordered conformation. The yield of the inactive form increases as the oxidation of reduced lysozyme is accelerated using cupric ion. In the presence of 4 X 10(-5) M cupric ion, reduced lysozyme forms almost quantitatively the inactive form, which is almost completely converted to the native form by sulfhydryl-disulfide interchange catalyzed by thiol groups of either reduced lysozyme or beta-mercaptoethanol. The material trapped by alkylation of the free sulfhydryl groups with [1-14C]iodoacetic acid during the early stage of air oxidation of reduced lysozyme was fractionated by gel filtration to permit separation of the active species from the inactive form. Ion exchange chromatography of the active species yielded completely renatured lysozyme and three major enzymically active radioactive derivatives. Two of these derivatives contained approximately 2 mol of S-carboxymethylcysteine. Isolation and characterization of radioactive tryptic peptides from each of the three active forms, permitted the identification of Cys 6 and Cys 127, Cys 76 and 94, and Cys 80 as the sulfhydryl groups alkylated in these three incompletely oxidized, partially active forms. Thus, it appears that the interatomic interactions maintaining the compact three-dimensional structure of native lysozyme are operational even when one of these three native disulfide bonds between Cys 6 and Cys 127, Cys 76 and Cys 94, and Cys 64 and 80 is open.
A facile vapor deposition synthesis of g-C3N4/SiO2 nanocomposite with large specific surface area and enhanced photocatalytic activity	A core-shell g-C3N4/SiO2 nanocomposite was successfully synthesized by depositing g-C3N4, obtained from the sublimation of melamine and subsequent polymerization reaction in the gaseous phase, on the nano-silica. The as-prepared g-C3N4/SiO2 was characterized by X-ray diffraction, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, transmission electron microscopy, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, N-2 adsorption-desorption, UV-vis diffuse reflectance spectroscopy. The visible-driven photocatalytic activity of g-C3N4/SiO2 was evaluated by the degradation of tetracycline. The results indicate that the specific surface area of g-C3N4/SiO2 is 97.32 m(2)/g, which is 6.74 times as high as that of bulk g-C3N4(14.44 m(2)/g). Compared to bulk g-C3N4, g-C3N4/SiO2 composite exhibits significantly enhanced photocatalytic activity for degradation of tetracycline and can degrade 72.7% of tetracycline within 60 min under visible-light irradiation. The photodegradation rate constant of tetracycline over g-C3N4/SiO2 is 7.2 times as high as that over bulk g-C3N4. The greatly enhanced photocatalytic activity of g-C3N4/SiO2 is due to coupling enlarged surface areas with the contribution of SiO2 in inhibition of the recombination of photo-induced electron-hole pair.
Ultrastable g-C3N4 assemblies with high quantum yield and reversible photoluminescence	Ultrastable g-C3N4 assemblies consisting of amorphous/crystalline nanosheets with high quantum yields up to 78% were prepared for the first time. A reversible photoluminescence was observed from green to blue when the pH was adjusted. Conversely, this phenomenon was not observed for amorphous or crystalline samples. These assemblies exhibit high stability in PL devices.
One-step synthesis of MoS2/g-C3N4 nanocomposites with highly enhanced photocatalytic activity	A facile one-step synthesis of MoS2/g-C3N4 nanocomposites by in situ thermal polycondensation was reported. The MoS2/g-C3N4 exhibited looser, thinner and bimodal mesoporous features. The MoS2 species were uniform and compact on the surface of g-C3N4 to obtain a robust heterojunction. Benefiting from the structure merits, the MoS2/g-C3N4 exhibited superior visible-light induced activity and good cycle stability for photodegradation of rhodamine B. The enhancement of visible-light absorption and the suppression of recombination of photogenerated carriers were responsible for highly enhanced activity. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Preparing magnetic nano-graphitic-carbon nitride/manganese ferrite catalyst for degrading triclosan, by heating melamine, grinding to powder, dissolving iron salt and manganese salt in ionic water, adding powder, burning and drying mixture	
Synthesis of Bi2O3/g-C3N4 for enhanced photocatalytic CO2 reduction with a Z-scheme mechanism	Bi2O3/g-C3N4 nanoscale composites with a Z-scheme mechanism were successfully synthesized by high temperature calcination combined with a hydrothermal method. These synthesized composites exhibited excellent photocatalytic performance, especially the 40 wt% Bi2O3/g-C3N4 composite, which produced about 1.8 times the CO yield of pure g-C3N4. The obtained products were characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), scanning electron microscope (SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), Brunauer-Emmett-Teller (BET), UV-vis diffuse reflectance spectroscopy (UV-vis DRS) and so on. Characterization results revealed that Bi ions had well covered the surface of g-C3N4, thus restraining the recombination of electron-hole pairs and resulting in a stronger visible-light response and higher CO yield. In addition, the electron transfer process through the Z-scheme mechanism also promoted the photocatalytic activity.
Biochemical and electronmicroscopic investigations on Helix pomatia collagen	The skin of Helix pomatia was investigated by biochemical methods and electronmicroscope. Biochemical investigations showed that Helix pomatia collagen represents a methionine-lacking collagen resistant to CNBr-cleavage. Electron microscopic studies showed a cross striation pattern of 53--57 nm.
3D reduced graphene oxide aerogel-mediated Z-scheme photocatalytic system for highly efficient solar-driven water oxidation and removal of antibiotics	The construction of natural photosynthesis-inspired Z-scheme tandem system has been considered as a promising strategy to fulfill efficient electron-hole separation and charge transportation in composite photocatalysts, providing a unique opportunity to achieve improved solar-driven photocatalytic water splitting performance superior to conventional heterojunctions. The presence of an ideal electron mediator is critical to promote effective electron transfer in Z-scheme semiconductor photocatalytic systems. Herein, for the first time, we report the fabrication of CeVO4/three-dimensional (3D) reduced graphene oxide (RGO) aerogel/BiVO4 ternary composites and their use as photocatalysts for visible-light-driven water oxidation and tetracycline (TC) degradation. As-prepared hybrid materials exhibit well-organized heterostructures where two vanadates with different dimensional features are surrounded by 3D aerogel networks. Under visible light irradiation, the optimal composite material revealed highly improved photocatalytic activity both in oxygen evolution from water splitting and TC degradation. The enhancement in photocatalytic efficiency is assumed to come from illuminated Z-scheme CeVO4/3D RGO/BiVO4 configuration, in which conductive 3D RGO aerogel functions as an effective electron mediator and builds the bridge between two vanadates, offering a tandem channel for more efficient charge transfer in two semiconductors. This work may provide a new clue for the design of all-solid-state Z-scheme composite photocatalytic materials in energy and environmental applications.
PHOTOCATALYTIC REACTIVATION OF g-C3N4 BASED NANOSORBENT	
Ag-doped graphitic carbon nitride photocatalyst with remarkably enhanced photocatalytic activity towards antibiotic in hospital wastewater under solar light	In this study a novel Ag-doped graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) photocatalyst was synthesized and applied as high efficient material under solar light towards emerging antibiotic pollutant in hospital wastewater. The tetracycline (TC) was chosen as a target pollutant and the content of Ag doping at 3 mmol revealed the highest photocatalytic degradation efficiency of TC (96.8%) after 120 min under solar light irradiation. The photoluminescence and UV-vis analysis confirmed the enhancement of charge separation and transfer in the graphitic carbon structure after Ag-doping. The removal efficiency of TC using g-C3N4 and Ag-doped g-C3N4 (AgCN) under dark conditions was only 25.6 and 31.8%, respectively. While under solar light conditions, the removal efficiency of TC increased to 68.3 and 96.8% for g-C(3)N(4 )and AgCN, respectively. The reusability process showed that AgCN displayed extremely high stability after 6 cycles without significant drop in antibiotic degradation efficiency. The application of AgCN was tested for treatment of TC from hospital wastewater and it showed high removal efficiency of 89.6% within 120 min reaction time. In addition, the intermediates generated and reduction of total organic carbon (TOC) during the photocatalytic reaction were detected to support information of possible TC removal mechanism. (C) 2019 The Korean Society of Industrial and Engineering Chemistry. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Electrochemiluminescence biosensing based on different modes of switching signals	Electrochemiluminescence (ECL) has attracted much attention in various fields of analysis owing to low background signals, high sensitivity, and excellent controllability. In recent years, to further boost the performance of biosensors, diverse output signal modes have been developed, which exhibited respective advantages. In this review, we summarize the latest sensing applications of ECL bioanalysis by generalizing different output signal modes and give future perspectives for new developments in ECL analytical technology.
Maximum Achievable N Content in Atom-by-Atom Growth of Amorphous Si-C-N	The maximum achievable N content in atom-by-atom growth of Si-C-N films is examined by combining ab initio molecular dynamics simulations in a wide range of compositions and densities with experimental data. When and only when the simulation algorithm allows the formation and final presence of N-2 molecules, the densities leading to the deepest local energy minima are in agreement with the experiment. The main attention is paid to unbonded N-2 molecules, with the aim to predict and explain the maximum content of N bonded in the amorphous networks. There are significant differences resulting from different compositions, ranging from no N-2 at the lowest energy density of a-Si3N4 (57 atom % of bonded N) to many N-2 at the lowest energy density of a-C3N4 (42 atom % of bonded N). The theoretical prediction is in agreement with the experimental results of reactive magnetron sputtering at varied Si+C sputter target compositions and N-2 partial pressures. A detailed analysis reveals that while there is a relationship between the N-2 formation and the packing factor, which is valid in the whole compositional range investigated, the lowest-energy packing factor depends on the composition. The results are important for the explanation of experimentally reported maximum N contents, design of technologically important amorphous nitrides and pathways of their preparation, prediction of their stability, and identification of what may or may not be achieved in this field.
Plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition synthesizing carbon nitride hard thin films	Using plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition and SiC and carbon buffer layers, we have obtained carbon nitride thin films on Si(100) and Si(lll). The x-ray diffraction and x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy are used to characterize the thin films. The Vickers hardness of the carbon nitride thin films is mole than 5100 kgf/mm(2) and comparable to that of diamond.
Layer Stacked Iodine and Phosphorus Co-doped C3N4 for Enhanced Visible-Light Photocatalytic Hydrogen Evolution	Hetero-element doping is one of the most effective methods for band gap regulation of semiconductor photocatalysts. Here, a novel layer stacking of iodine and phosphorus co-doped carbon nitride (I/P-CN) was prepared from a novel supramolecular precursor. The obtained I/P-CN exhibits significantly enhanced visible-light photocatalytic hydrogen production (93.9 mu mol h(-1)) compared with bulk carbon nitride. Moreover, it reveals a consistent cycle stability for photocatalytic application. The marked improvement in photocatalytic activity is the result of iodine and phosphorus co-doping bringing about a decrease in the band gap and an increase of absorption intensity and width. The unique layer in the stacking structure facilitates an increase in specific surface area and active reaction sites. Our research opens up a new strategy to synthesize multiple elements co-doped carbon nitride as a promising metal-free photocatalyst for hydrogen evolution under visible light.
Heterogeneous Carbon Nitrides Photocatalysis Multicomponent Hydrosulfonylation of Alkynes To Access beta-Keto Sulfones with the Insertion of Sulfur Dioxide in Aerobic Aqueous Medium	
An enhanced non-noble perovskite-based oxygen electrocatalyst for efficient oxygen reduction and evolution reactions	
Enhanced Photocatalytic Degradation Activity of 2-D Graphitic Carbon Nitride-SnO₂ Nanohybrids	In this paper, we report on the facile synthesis of graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4)-tin oxide (SnO₂) nanohybrid as an efficient photocatalyst prepared via sol-gel method. SnO₂ nanoparticles are pointcontacted with g-C3N4. The results of physio-chemical characterizations such as SEM-EDAX, XRD, BET, FT-IR and UV-DRS spectra reveal the successful formation and integration of nanohybrid. The photocatalytic activity has been studied by using methylene-blue as a model dye for degradation. It has been observed that the pseudo-first order rate constant was increased up to 1.78 times compared with pure SnO₂. The enhanced photocatalytic activity was ascribed from the inhibition of electron-hole recombination where g-C3N4 nanosheets acts as an electron receiver from SnO₂ via point contact. This mechanism is further verified via photoluminescence spectra. Our results prominently show new insights and potential applications of g-C3N4-SnO₂ nanohybrids in the waste water treatment and environmental remediation sectors.
Microwave-assisted synthesis of triple 2D g-C3N4/Bi2WO6/rGO composites for ibuprofen photodegradation: Kinetics, mechanism and toxicity evaluation of degradation products	In this study, the visible-light-driven Z-scheme g-C3N4/Bi2WO6/rGO heterojunctions with 2D/2D/2D configurations are prepared via a facile, rapid and low temperature microwave-assisted method. The physicochemical properties and morphologies of these heterostructured photocatalysts are characterized by various spectroscopies such as XRD, XPS, TEM/SEM, PL, FT-IR, UV-Visible spectroscopy and nitrogen adsorption measurements. The prepared g-C3N4/Bi2WO6/3 wt% rGO photocatalysts (incorporated with optimal 3 wt% of rGO) possess ca. 86 and 98% of ibuprofen (IBF) photodegradation under the visible light (lambda > 420 nm) and solar light irradiation, respectively. The formation of well crystallized structure, morphology (nanoplates structure of Bi2WO6), higher visible light absorption and specific surface area (25.4 m(2) g(-1)) are responsible for the superior performance of g-C3N4/Bi2WO6/3 wt% rGO. Moreover, the larger interfacial contact (identified by HRTEM) between triple 2D g-C3N4/Bi2WO6/rGO heterostructures can lead to surpassing interfacial charge carrier dynamics and reduce the combination of electron-hole pairs. IBF photodegradation intermediates and the corresponding reaction mechanisms are further investigated by using LC-MS/MS, indicating the superoxide radical (center dot O-2(-)) and hydroxyl radicals (center dot OH) are involved in the photodegradation of IBF and accordingly five intermediates are produced via three possible reaction pathways. The anti-hormonal effects of IBF and the photodegraded intermediate products are also evaluated by yeast-based bioassays. The results show that the intermediate products of photodegraded IBF have lower antagonistic effect on human hormone receptors than the pristine IBF.
Incorporation of nitrogen in sputtered carbon films	The possibility of depositing carbon nitride with a planar magnetron sputter system has been evaluated. The deposition parameters were varied with the aim of optimising the nitrogen content and the hardness of the films. Both d.c. and r.f. magnetron power sources were used to deposit films on zirconium, yttria-stabilised zirconia and sapphire substrates. The films were studied by electron microscopy (SEM and TEM), Rutherford backscattering and electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS). The hardnesses of the films were measured by both traditional and depth-sensing methods. Special attention was paid to the nitrogen content of the films, which depended strongly on the sputtering conditions. Films containing up to 58 at.% nitrogen were made, close to the stoichiometry expected for C3N4. However, all the nitrogen-containing films were amorphous. The films suffered from high deposition stresses, which in combination with high elastic relaxation also complicated the hardness measurements. It was found that the fraction of sp(2) hybridisation of the carbon increased with nitrogen content and ion bombardment of the films.
Fast and Exothermic Reaction of CO2 and Li3N into C-N-Containing Solid Materials	The conversion of CO2 to valuable compounds, which is considered as an effective approach to solve the global warming, represents a great challenge due to the high stability and low reactivity of CO2. Herein, thermodynamic calculations predicted the feasibility of exothermic reactions between CO2 and Li3N into two important solid materials carbon nitride and lithium cyanamide. Furthermore, the feasibility was confirmed by experiments, namely, the fast reaction between CO2 and Li3N produced crystal lithium cyanamide and amorphous carbon nitrides. This provides a novel process to control CO2 emissions.
Two physical strategies to reinforce a nonmetallic photocatalyst, g-C3N4: vacuum heating and electron beam irradiation	Herein, we demonstrated two physical strategies, namely, vacuum heating and electron beam irradiation, to reinforce a nonmetallic photocatalyst, g-C3N4. These two post-treatments also improved the visible light absorption properties of g-C3N4; however, electron beam irradiation was more destructive, and it caused a determined change in the chemical bonds and band structure of the compound. According to the post-processing parameters mentioned in this article, vacuum heating (38 + 2 mTorr for 4 days at 200 degrees C) enhanced the photocatalytic efficiency of the original g-C3N4 by 2.5 times, whereas electron beam irradiation (760 kGy at 1.8 MeV and 8 mA s(-1)) improved it by 4.5 times. Finally, the post-treated photocatalysts were stable during photocatalytic oxidation, which is important for practical applications.
Efficient Improved Charge Separation of FeP Decorated Worm-Like Nanoporous BiVO4 Photoanodes for Solar-Driven Water Splitting	Photoelectrochemical (PEC) water splitting using BiVO4 semiconductor photoanodes have been appealed to plenty of attentions in the past few decades. In this study, FeP was used as an active precious-metal-free cocatalyst for the first time to enhance the performance of worm-like nanoporous BiVO4 photoanodes for PEC water splitting. Characterization results demonstrate that FeP nanoparticles were successfully deposited on surface of the pritine BiVO4 photoanodes, and served as an noble metal-free cocatalyst for solar-driven PEC water splitting. Furthermore, a maximum photocurrent density of similar to 3.05 mA/cm(2) at 1.23 V vs RHE could be achieved by loading moderate amount of FeP on the surface of BiVO4, which is about 1.6 times higher than that of the unmodified BiVO4. Meanwhile, the efficient suppression of surface recombination by FeP was also confirmed by the PEC measurements in Na2SO3 solution. The maximum ABPE of FeP/BiVO4 photoanodes was similar to 0.53% at 0.60 V vs RHE, indicating the potential application for overall solar-driven water splitting.[GRAPHICS]
In search of new candidates for ultra-hard materials: the ternary BC3N3 stoichiometry	
Large-scale synthesis of crystalline g-C3N4 nanosheets and high-temperature H 2 sieving from assembled films	Poly(triazine imide) (PTI), a crystalline g-C3N4, hosting two-dimensional nanoporous structure with an electron density gap of 0.34 nm, is highly promising for high-temperature hydrogen sieving because of its high chemical and thermal robustness. Currently, layered PTI is synthesized in potentially unsafe vacuum ampules in milligram quantities. Here, we demonstrate a scalable and safe ambient pressure synthesis route leading to several grams of layered PTI platelets in a single batch with 70% yield with respect to the precursor. Solvent exfoliation under anhydrous conditions led to single-layer PTI nanosheets evidenced by the observation of triangular g-C3N4 nanopores. Gas permeation studies confirm that PTI nanopores can sieve He and H2 from larger molecules. Last, high-temperature H2 sieving from PTI nanosheet-based membranes, prepared by the scalable filter coating technique, is demonstrated with H2 permeance reaching 1500 gas permeation units, with H2/CO2, H2/N2, and H2/CH4 selectivities reaching 10, 50, and 60, respectively, at 250°C.
Hierarchical assembly of polystyrene/graphitic carbon nitride/reduced graphene oxide nanocomposites toward high fire safety	Developing polymer nanocomposites with high thermal stability and excellent flame retardant performances at low loadings still remains a great challenge. Here, we constructed multilayered polystyrene (PS) nanocomposites consisting of graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets (g-C3N4 NSs) and reduced graphene oxide (RGO) using the layer by layer assembly technique. Microstructure analysis demonstrated the successfully alternative assembly of g-C3N4 NSs and RGO onto PS spheres through electrostatic interaction. The ternary PS nanocomposites showed the highest thermal stability. For instance, the temperature at maximum decomposition rate and the residual yield were increased by 15 degrees C and 5.89 wt%, respectively for PS nanocomposite with one number of g-C3N4/RGO bilayers (PS/CG1). Furthermore, the PS/CG1 exhibited dramatically lowest release of total pyrolysis gaseous products and the peak of heat release rate, indicative of the highest fire safety. Fire safety enhancement was attributed to the formation of compact network barriers that retarded the heat and mass transfer between combustion zone and underlying PS matrix.
Molten salts synthesis and visible light photocatalytic activity of crystalline poly(triazine imide) with different morphologies	Graphite-phase carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has a unique semiconductor band structure (band gap width 2.7eV), excellent chemical stability and non-toxicity, which has potential application in the field of environmental pollution treatment and energy conversion. However, low specific surface area and high recombination photo-generated electrons-holes, which lead to low quantum efficiency of photocatalytic process and seriously restrict its photocatalytic activity. Herein, crystalline poly(triazine imide) (PTI) with different morphologies was synthesized by molten salts method. The results showed that the layer structure, hollow tubes and nanosheets of crystalline PTI were obtained according to different mass ratio of raw materials and molten salt. The degradation of rhodamine B under visible light irradiation was used to evaluate the catalytic activity of the photocatalyst. The PTI nanosheets exhibited highest visible light catalytic activity due to the increase in specific surface area and improvement of separation efficiency of electron hole pairs. A possible mechanism was also raised according to the results of trapping experimental and spectroscopic properties.
Heterostructured g-CN/TiO 2 Photocatalysts Prepared by Thermolysis of g-CN/MIL-125(Ti) Composites for Efficient Pollutant Degradation and Hydrogen Production	Photocatalysts composed of graphitic carbon nitride (g-CN) and TiO2 were efficiently prepared by thermolysis of the MIL-125(Ti) metal organic framework deposited on g-CN. The heterojunction between the 12 nm-sized TiO2 nanoparticles and g-CN was well established and the highest photocatalytic activity was observed for the g-CN/TiO2 (3:1) material. The g-CN/TiO2 (3:1) composite exhibits high visible light performances both for the degradation of pollutants like the Orange II dye or tetracycline but also for the production of hydrogen (hydrogen evolution rate (HER) up to 1330 μmolh-1g-1 and apparent quantum yield of 0.22% using NiS as a cocatalyst). The improved visible light performances originate from the high specific surface area of the photocatalyst (86 m2g-1) and from the efficient charge carriers separation as demonstrated by photoluminescence, photocurrent measurements, and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy. The synthetic process developed in this work is based on the thermal decomposition of metal organic framework deposited on a graphitic material and holds huge promise for the preparation of porous heterostructured photocatalysts.
Fabrication of visible-light-response face-contact ZnSnO3@g-C3N4 core-shell heterojunction for highly efficient photocatalytic degradation of tetracycline contaminant and mechanism insight	The large-scale consumption and discharge of antibiotic tetracycline (TC) urge us to search for a highly efficient and eco-friendly technology to remove it. In this work, face-contact ZnSnO3@g-C3N4 core-shell heterojunction was successfully constructed via one-step calcination route. The experimental data indicate that the photocatalytic TC removal performance of ZnSnO3@g-C3N4 (1:3) reaches 90.8% within 120 min under the same condition compared with bulk g-C3N4 (32% degradation) and ZnSnO3 (9% degradation). The improved photocatalytic activity is ascribed to the formation of core-shell structure between ZnSnO3 and g-C3N4 which not only enlarges visible light response but also effectively separates electron-hole pairs. Meanwhile, this face-contact ZSO-CN photocatalyst displays much more contact interfaces than the point-contact ZSO-CN photocatalyst, and the contact interfaces could play the part of efficient channels for charge transfer. Finally, the photocatalytic reaction mechanism on ZnSnO3@g-C3N4 was also stated at length through active species capture and electron spin resonance (ESR) tests. And the possible intermediates products were discussed through the liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) analysis.
Oxygen Reduction Reaction Activity of Microwave Mediated Solvothermal Synthesized CeO2/g-C3N4 Nanocomposite	Electrocatalytic active species like transition metal oxides have been widely combined with carbon-based nanomaterials for enhanced Oxygen Reduction Reaction (ORR) studies because of the synergistic effect arising between different components. The aim of the present study is to synthesize CeO2/g-C3N4 system and compare the ORR activity with bare CeO2. Ceria (CeO2) embedded on g-C3N4 nanocomposite was synthesized by a single-step microwave-mediated solvothermal method. This cerium oxide-based nanocomposite displays enhanced ORR activity and electrochemical stability as compared to bare ceria.
Controllable local electronic migration induced charge separation and red-shift emission in carbon nitride for enhanced photocatalysis and potential phototherapy	Electronic migration can be tailored by carefully manipulating the local electron donating and withdrawing nature of carbon nitride for charge separation and red-shift emission. A high yield of H2 (5 mmol h-1 g-1) with an apparent quantum yield of 20.98% at 420 nm and a preliminary study on phototherapy by labeling cell membranes are simultaneously provided.
New 2D Carbon Nitride Organic Materials Synthesis with Huge-Application Prospects in CN Photocatalyst	In recent years, 2D materials are attracting increased attention because of their excellent properties. In this paper, new 2D carbon nitride (CN) organic materials are successfully prepared on the basis of the organic synthesis theory, and the thickness is about 1.5 nm. This new 2D CN organic material further strengthens the 2D materials family. Meanwhile, their synthetic mechanism is theoretically speculated. Then CN photocatalysts of several structures are obtained by roasting 2D CN organic materials. Through the photocatalytic hydrogen production experiments, the results exhibit that these kinds of photocatalysts have good photocatalytic effects compared to common g-C3 N4 .
Enhanced photocatalytic activity of g-C3N4 quantum dots/Bi3.64Mo0.36O6.55 nanospheres composites	In this research, heterostructured g-C3N4 quantum dots (CNQDs)/Bi3.64Mo0.36O6.55 nanospheres have been fabricated trough an in situ precipitation process. Compared to the pure Bi3.64Mo0.36O6.55, the as-fabricated CNQDs/Bi3.64Mo0.36O6.55 nanocomposites exhibited significantly improved photocatalytic performance for the photodegradation of rhodamine B (Rh B) and bisphenol A (BPA). In addition, 5 wt% CNQDs/Bi3.64Mo0.36O6.55 sample showed the highest photocatalytic efficiency under visible-light irradiation (lambda > 420 nm). The effective separation and transmission of photogenerated electron-hole pairs caused by CNQD loading as well as the improved BET surface area are associated with the enhancement of the photocatalytic activity of the CNQDs/ Bi3.64Mo0.36O6.55 photocatalyst.
Photoacoustic detection of the parameters of laser vaporisation of amorphous carbon nitride	Intense laser vaporisation of amorphous carbon nitride of the composition C3N4.2-4.3 makes it possible to consider it as a promising precursor for obtaining the superhard crystalline phase of this compound, beta-C3N4, by laser deposition.
Enhanced growth of beta-C3N4 crystallites at a high substrate temperature	The growth of beta-C3N4 crystallites is studied at various substrate temperatures by an inductively-coupled plasma sputtering method using 500 W of radio frequency power to enhance the gas dissociation. The crystallites deposited are demonstrated to be beta-C3N4 phase rather than other phases from the transmission electron diffraction and the X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy results. Upon increasing the substrate temperature from 400 degrees C to 800 degrees C, beta-C3N4 crystallite size increases from 0.02 mu m to 0.2 mu m, but the [N]/[C] atomic ratio in the film decreases slightly from 1.0 to 0.85, suggesting that the film contains larger beta-C3N4 crystallites in a less nitrogenated amorphous carbon matrix at a higher temperature, The film deposited at 800 degrees C exhibits a highly spotty transmission electron diffraction pattern and contains a high percentage (90%) of sp(3) C-N bonding as estimated from X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. The results suggest that a high substrate temperature enhances the formation of beta-C3N4 crystallites at a high degree of gas dissociation.
Synthesis of graphitic carbon nitride via direct polymerization using different precursors and its application in lithium-sulfur batteries	The graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) materials were prepared via direct polymerization of urea, melamine, thiourea, and dicyandiamide at the same conditions, respectively. The samples were tested by various characterization tools, so that to study the influences of precursors on the physical and electrochemical properties of g-C3N4. The results showed that the as-prepared U-CN (from urea), M-CN (from melamine), T-CN (from thiourea), and D-CN (from dicyandiamide) exhibited significantly different microstructures. The synthesized g-C3N4 powders were used as sulfur matrixes for lithium-sulfur batteries. The electrochemical properties revealed that urea-derived C3N4 showed the highest initial capacity of 1207 mAh g(-1). Furthermore, it possesses excellent cycling stability for 500 cycles and remains capacity of 517 mAh g(-1) at 0.37mA cm(-2). This work could provide a new perspective for the selection of proper precursors and the in-depth study of the electrochemical behaviors of the microstructure of g-C3N4.
Fabrication of metal-free two dimensional/two dimensional homojunction photocatalyst using various carbon nitride nanosheets as building blocks	Semiconductor photocatalysis currently suffered three main problems, low solar energy utilization, high photo-generated charge recombination rate and the heavy metal ions release by the photo-corrosion. Herein, we developed a visible-light-driven homojunction photocatalyst with the metal-free two-dimensional (2D) graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets (CNNS). By employing liquid exfoliation and chemical blowing approaches, we obtained two kinds of CNNS materials (le-CNNS and cb-CNNS) with different band structures, and subsequently fabricated the homojunction photocatalyst. This 2D/2D nanocomposited homojunction photocatalyst exhibited enhanced photocatalytic performance compared to these individual 2D nanosheets materials. Moreover, its well universality and reusability were also demonstrated by photo-degradation of various organic pollutants and five successive runs. By studying the optical properties and the electrochemical behavior, the band alignment of this homojunction was illustrated and the possible mechanism was proposed, where the transmitted electrons on the conduction band (CB) of le-CNNS would transport to the CB of cb-CNNS, and the holes on the valence band (VB) of cb-CNNS transferred to the VB of le-CNNS, therefore promoting the photo-induced carrier separation. Additionally, the photoluminescence, electrochemical impendence and photocurrent measurements further demonstrated that the recombination of photo-excited electron-hole pairs had been efficiently suppressed in the homojunction and were respectively collected on different CNNS components.
Gold/monolayer graphitic carbon nitride plasmonic photocatalyst for ultrafast electron transfer in solar-to-hydrogen energy conversion	Gold (Au) plasmonic nanoparticles were grown evenly on monolayer graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) nanosheets via a facile oil-bath method. The photocatalytic activity of the Au/monolayer g-C3N4 composites under visible light was evaluated by photocatalytic hydrogen evolution and environmental treatment. All of the Au/monolayer g-C3N4 composites showed better photocatalytic performance than that of monolayer g-C3N4 and the 1% Au/monolayer g-C3N4 composite displayed the highest photocatalytic hydrogen evolution rate of the samples. The remarkable photocatalytic activity was attributed largely to the successful introduction of Au plasmonic nanoparticles, which led to the surface plasmon resonance (SPR) effect. The SPR effect enhanced the efficiency of light harvesting and induced an efficient hot electron transfer process. The hot electrons were injected from the Au plasmonic nanoparticles into the conduction band of monolayer g-C3N4. Thus, the Au/monolayer g-C3N4 composites possessed higher migration and separation efficiencies and lower recombination probability of photogenerated electron-hole pairs than those of monolayer g-C3N4. A photocatalytic mechanism for the composites was also proposed. (C) 2018, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparison of different electrokinetic separation modes applicable to a model peptide mixture (collagen type I and III CNBr fragments)	A number of electromigration separation modes were applied to the separation of CNBr-released peptides from rat tail tendon collagen (microemulsion electrokinetic chromatography, methanol- or ethanol-modified background electrolytes and the separation in the presence of molecular sieving effect exerting polymer, both in the presence and absence of SDS). Electrodriven separations with a Hypersil C8 packed capillary were investigated as well. The best separations were obtained with either the molecular sieving effect exerting polymer (polyethylene oxide) in the background electrolyte (whether SDS was present or absent) or with the electrodriven chromatography using the C8 reversed-phase packed capillary. In the latter separation system, it was possible to separate 25-27 peaks of the theoretically expected 24 peptides in the analyzed mixture of which 17 were at least tentatively identified. The additional peaks apparently stem from the incomplete cleavage of the parent collagen alpha chains. Successful separations can be done either with predominating molecular sieving or hydrophobic partitioning mechanism.
Fabrication of 1D/2D p-g-C3N4@RGO heterostructures with superior visible-light photoelectrochemical cathodic protection performance	A novel photoelectrode system based on one-dimensional g-C3N4porous nanofibers (1D-p-g-C3N4) heterostructured with 2D-RGO was fabricated by hydrogen bonding self-assembly technology in combination with heat treatment and electrodeposition process. Ascribed to the one-dimensional porous morphology of g-C3N4and its heterojunction with RGO, the separation efficiency of the photoinduced electrons and holes was dramatically enhanced, leading to its superior PEC cathodic protection performance for 304 stainless steel. Under visible light illumination, the 1D/2D p-g-C3N4@RGO photoelectrode exhibited a photoinduced current density of 10.1 mu A cm(-2)and a photoinduced polarized potential of - 480 mV, which is 6 and 2.5 times that of g-C3N4, respectively.
The primary structure of troponin T and the interaction with tropomyosin	1. Eight peptides were separated from the CNBr digest of troponin T from rabbit white skeletal muscle and characterized. 2. By study of the amino acid sequence of the methionine-containing peptides isolated after chymotryptic and tryptic digestion and of the N- and C-terminals of the CNBr peptides, six of the latter were shown to be arranged in the sequence CNB1-CNB2-CNB5-CNB6-CNB8-CNB7. The other two peptides, CNB1' and CNB3, have been shown to be partial digestion products. 3. The CNBr peptides CNB1' and CNB2 contained a common sequence and were the only peptides in CNBr digests of troponin T that formed a complex with tropomyosin as judged by viscometric and electrophoretic studies. 4. It is concluded that tropomyosin interacts with the N-terminal half of the troponin T molecule approximately in the region lying between residues 70 and 160. 5. Electrophoretic evidence indicates that tropomyosin and troponin C interact with troponin T. 6. None of the major CNBr peptides of troponin T isolated formed a complex with troponin C on electrophoresis at pH 8.6.
Preparation and Photocatalytic Performance of ITO/g-C3N4 Heterojunction Photocatalysts for Hydrogen Evolution from Water	g-C3N4 and In2O3:Sn (ITO) photocatalysts were synthesized by low-temperature calcined method. A little nanosized ITO as an effective cocatalyst was loaded onto g-C3N4 particle surface by electrostatic attraction. The photocatalytic activity of ITO/g-C3N4 was performed by its H-2 evolution performance under uv-vis irradiation while alcohol was used as a sacrificial agent, and the photocatalyst was characterized by XRD, SEM, TEM and UV-Vis absorption spectrum. The results showed that the photo catalytic activity of ITO/g-C3N4 was superior to that of pure g-C3N4, and loaded ITO can improve the interfacial electron transfer and the H-2 evolution. When the amount of loaded ITO was 4%(wt), the stable average hydrogen evolution rate was about 350 mu mol.g(-1).h(-1).
Preparing composite visible light catalyst zeolitic imidazolate framework-8-sulfur-codoped graphitic carbon nitride comprises e.g. calcining thiourea in tube furnace under hydrogen sulfide atmosphere, and weighing zinc nitrate	
A new efficient visible-light-driven composite photocatalyst comprising ZnFe2O4 nanoparticles and conjugated polymer from the dehydrochlorination of polyvinyl chloride	This communication reports the development of a new efficient visible-light-driven composite photocatalyst comprising ZnFe2O4 nanoparticles and conjugated polymer (CPVC) from the dehydrochlorination of polyvinyl chloride (PVC). ZnFe2O4/CPVC nanocomposites were synthesized via three main steps: (i) the synthesis of ZnFe2O4 nanoparticles by a sol-gel method; (ii) the adsorption of PVC in tetrahydrofuran solution by ZnFe2O4 nanoparticles to form ZnFe2O4/PVC nanocomposites; and (iii) the dehydrochlorination of PVC in the ZnFe2O4/ PVC nanocomposites by heating at 150 degrees C for 2 h. X-ray diffraction, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy and high-resolution transmission electron microscopy characterization revealed that the as-synthesized product was core/shell structured ZnFe2O4/CPVC nanocomposites. The photocatalytic results demonstrated that the ZnFe2O4/CPVC nanocomposites had much higher photocatalytic activity than ZnFe2O4 nanoparticles in the reduction of aqueous Cr(VI) under visible-light (lambda > 420 nm) irradiation. Thus, ZnFe2O4/CPVC nanocomposites are promising for use as a new efficient visible-light-driven photocatalyst.
Facile and efficient fabrication of g-C3N4 quantum dots for fluorescent analysis of trace copper(II) in environmental samples	The facile preparation of g-C3N4 QDs with high fluorescent performance has become an important direction in the last decade. Herein, we develop a facile, rapid approach to synthesize highly fluorescent QDs based on recrystallization and ultrasonic exfoliation. Size-controllable graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4)QDs can be obtained from the precursor of recrystallized dicyandiamide, only 90 min is needed and the size of QDs is adjusted from 5 nm to 200 nm by controlling the ultrasonic time. Moreover, better fluorescent efficiency is also obtained comparing to traditional g-C3N4 QDs. The obtained g-C3N4 QDs responds to Cu(II) in the 0.5 nmol/L to 30 mu mol/L concentration range, with a 0.3 nmol/L detection limit. The method was applied to the determination of Cu(II) in different environmental water samples. (C) 2019 Chinese Chemical Society and Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Excellent graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets-based photoelectrochemical platform motivated by Schottky barrier and LSPR effect and its sensing application	A visible light responsive photocatalytic hybrid with excellent photoelectrochemical activity was first fabricated via the self-assembly of Au nanorods onto poly(l-cysteine) modified graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets. Herein, layered structural graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets with a proper band gap, high stability, and nontoxicity, as a photoactive material, demonstrate a high photocatalytic activity. Furthermore, the incorporation of multifunctional Au nanorods gave the hybrid a Schottky barrier and localized surface plasmonic resonance, which considerably enhanced the separation of the photo-excited electrons and holes, resulting in increased photoelectrochemical performance. As a proof of concept, mercapto-beta-cyclodextrin as a bionic recognition device was introduced into the hybrid to selectively detect naringin on the basis of the dramatic decreasing of photocurrent. The visible-light driven photoelectrochemical sensor exhibited excellent analytical performance, including high sensitivity, good selectivity and wide linear range from 1 × 10(-4) to 1 × 10(-10) M.
Photosensitized H-2 Evolution and NADPH Formation by Photosensitizer/Carbon Nitride Hybrid Nanoparticles	The broadband C3N4 semiconductor absorbs in the UV region, lambda = 330-380 nm, a feature limiting its application for light-to-energy conversion. The unique surface adsorption properties of C3N4 allow, however, the binding of a photosensitizer, operating in the visible-solar spectrum to the surface of C3N4. Coupling of the energy levels of the photosensitizer with the energy levels of C3N4 allows effective photoinduced electron-transfer quenching and subsequent charge separation in the hybrid structures. Two methods to adsorb a photosensitizer on the C3N4 nanoparticles are described. One is exemplified by the adsorption of Zn(II)-protoporphyrin IX on C3N4 using pi-pi interactions. The second method utilizes the specific binding interactions of single-stranded nucleic acids on C3N4 and involves the binding of a Ru(II)-tris-bipyridine-modified nucleic acid on the C3N4 nanoparticles. Effective electron-transfer quenching of the photoexcited photosensitizers by C3N4 proceeds in the two hybrid systems. The two hybrid photosystems induce the effective photosensitized reduction of N,N'-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium, MV2+, to MV+center dot, in the presence of Na(2)EDTA as a sacrificial electron donor. The generation of MV+center dot is ca. 5-fold higher as compared to the formation of MV+center dot in the presence of the photosensitizer alone (in the absence of C3N4). The effective generation of MV+center dot in the photosystems is attributed to the efficient quenching of the photosensitizers, followed by effective charge separation of the electrons in the conduction band of C3N4 and the holes in the oxidized photosensitizer. The subsequent transfer of the conduction-band electrons to MV2+ and the oxidation of Na(2)EDTA by the oxidized photosensitizers lead to the effective formation of MV+center dot. The photogenerated MV+center dot by the two hybrid photosystems is used to catalyze H-2 evolution in the presence of Pt nanoparticle catalysts and to mediate the reduction of NADP to NADPH, in the presence of ferredoxin-NADP(+) reductase, FNR The ability to couple the photogenerated NADPH to drive NADP(+)-dependent biocatalytic transformations is demonstrated.
Modulating photogenerated electron transfer with selectively exposed Co-Mo facets on a novel amorphous g-C3N4/CoxMo1-xS2 photocatalyst	Novel photocatalysts, g-C(3)N4(/)Co(x)Mo(1-x)S(2) with different exposed facets of Co-Mo, were employed as catalysts for the examination of facet-dependent catalytic activity toward photocatalytic hydrogen evolution from water splitting with Eosin Y photosensitized as an antenna molecule under visible Eight irradiation. The studies showed that the g-C3N4/CoxMo1-xS2 photocatalysts had higher activities than g-C3N4/MoS2 and g-C3N4/CoSx. The promoter Co atoms associated with Mo displayed synergistic effects and efficiently induced photo-generated charge carriers and electron transfer. A possible reaction mechanism for g-C3N4/CoxMo1-xS was corroborated using photo-luminescence spectra, photoelectro-chemical characterizations and electro-chemical impedance spectra studies. This study discloses the facet-dependent effect of metal-metal co-catalysts on semiconductor photo-catalysts in photo catalytic water reduction, and will give an insight into the design and synthesis of highly efficient metal/semiconductor hybrid photocatalysts.
A mini-review on the synthesis and structural modification of g-C3N4-based materials, and their applications in solar energy conversion and environmental remediation	In recent years, graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has shown promising performance as a metal-free conjugated polymer containing graphitic stacking of C3N4 layers, which are constructed from tri-s-triazine units connected by planar amino groups. Pure g-C3N4 with a band gap energy of 2.7 eV (460 nm) makes it an applicable and efficient visible-active photocatalyst for energy conversion and environmental applications. This is because of its appropriate electronic band structures, efficient optical absorption, and extraordinary thermal and chemical stability. Currently, the major focus in photocatalysis research is on the design and development of visible-light-driven photocatalysts that are stable and highly efficient for practical applications. In this current mini-review, a comprehensive survey is conducted on graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) as a metal-free novel visible-light photocatalyst and the progress in the synthesis and design of high-efficiency g-C3N4-based nanomaterial photocatalysts with controllable structures and morphologies is discussed in detail. Various approaches for modifying the electronic band structure and visible-light harvesting, including metal (cation), non-metal (anion) doping, noble metal loading, and composite formation with other semiconductors are discussed in detail. Photocatalytic applications of g-C3N4 as metal-free catalysts in photocatalytic water splitting for hydrogen production, CO2 photoreduction, organic pollutant degradation, and bacterial disinfections are introduced and discussed in detail. Finally, this critical mini-review summarizes some outlooks on the ongoing challenges in the development of efficient and low cost metal-free g-C3N4 systems, which provide a good complement to the literature on g-C3N4 based metal-free nanomaterial photocatalysts.
Fabrication of Ag3PO4/Ag/MoO3-x Z-scheme system with excellent photocatalytic degradation performance under visible light irradiation	Z-scheme Ag3PO4/Ag/MoO3-x photocatalyst was prepared by deposition of Ag and Ag3PO4 nanoparticles on the surface of MoO3-x nanosheets. With Ag mediation between Ag3PO4 and MoO3-x, there is efficient separation and utilization of photogenerated charge carriers. Owing to the rich presence of oxygen vacancies on the surface of MoO3-x, oxygen adsorption on the surface is enhanced. The as-prepared Ag3PO4/Ag/MoO3-x Z-scheme system shows outstanding photocatalytic activity and stability for the degradation of dyes (rhodamine B, methylene blue, as well as their mixture) and ciprofloxacin under visible light irradiation, displaying degradation rate that is 15.9, 3.4, 14.9 and 3.0 times that of MoO3-x, Ag3PO4, Ag/MoO3-x and Ag3PO4/MoO3-x, respectively. According to the results of trapping experiments, center dot OH and center dot O-2(-) are the main active species, and a possible reaction mechanism has been proposed.
A new graphitic carbon nitride-coated dual Core-Shell sulfur cathode for highly stable lithium-sulfur cells	Lithium-sulfur (Li-S) batteries have promise to deliver energy density two to three times higher than that of currently used lithium-ion batteries. The commercialization of Li-S batteries is primarily hindered due to the polysulfide shuttle (PSS) effect, which not only leads to the loss of active materials from the cathode, but also causes serious irreversible reactions between the polysulfide intermediates and the lithium metal anode, resulting in low coulombic efficiency, high self-discharge and short cycle life. In this paper, we report the design and synthesis of a new graphitic carbon nitride-coated dual core-shell structured sulfur cathode (S@HCS@g-C3N4) to address these issues, leading to superior capacity retention properties in Li-S cells. This structural design allows confinement of polysulfide intermediates within a dual-core electrically conductive structure consisting of a hollow mesoporous carbon sphere (HCS) core, and a peripheral graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) layer, which is known to suppress the PSS effect by enhanced chemical interactions with polysulfide intermediates. Indeed, the S@HCS@g-C3N4 cathode displayed excellent electrochemical performance in terms of high initial specific capacity (1446 mA h g(-1) at 0.2C) and very good long-term cycling performance (capacity decay rate of 0.049% per cycle after 500 cycles at 1C).
Temperature-controlled morphology evolution of graphitic carbon nitride nanostructures and their photocatalytic activities under visible light	A series of g-C3N4 photocatalysts were synthesized by changing the temperature through air-assisted thermal polymerization and etching. The detailed characterization and analysis clearly revealed that the texture, surface structure, optical properties, and band structure of g-C3N4 depend on the preparation conditions such as atmosphere and temperature. The morphology of samples obtained at different temperatures undergoes sequential evolution from bulk to nanosheet with multilayer, nanosheet with few layer, moderately rolled nanosheet, tailored nanotube, nanoflakelet and even nanoparticles. Accordingly, the BET surface area increased dramatically from 4.5 m(2) g(-1) of bulk g-C3N4 to 210.1 m(2) g(-1) of modified sample obtained at 540 degrees C. The different textural and structural properties resulted in the different optical and electronic features. The exfoliated and tailored samples obtained by this method presented better photocatalytic performance as compared with bulk g-C3N4. Factors affecting the photocatalytic activity of g-C3N4 were discussed in details on the basis of the textural and structural characterization as well as the photocatalytic activity results. We found that the surface area, surface defects, and light absorption have great impacts on the photocatalytic activities of g-C3N4.
Progresses in carbon nitride synthesis by pulsed laser deposition	
Preparation of silver-graphitic carbon nitride/titania ternary complex photocatalyst used in sewage treatment, involves adding graphitic carbon nitride/titania photocatalyst to silver sol suspension, drying wet catalyst and cooling	
Graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets/sulfonated poly(ether ether ketone) nanocomposite membrane for direct methanol fuel cell application	As a novel kind of two-dimensional soft nanomaterial, graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has been boo-mingly explored in diverse fields such as photocatalysis and heterogeneous chemical catalysis, however, its potential application in proton exchange membranes (PEMs) fuel cells remains disclosed. In this study, nanocomposite membranes with varying g-C3N4 nanosheets content are fabricated by incorporating g-C3N4 nanosheets into sulfonated poly(ether ether ketone) (SPEEK). An increase in proton conductivity from 0.0606 S cm(-1) of the SPEEK control membrane to 0.0786 S cm(-1) of the nanocomposite membrane is achieved at the g-C3N4 nanosheets content of 0.5 wt% at 20 degrees C, stemming from that the improved connectivity of the ionic groups renders the acid-base pair effect and facilitates the Grotthuss-type transport of proton. Methanol permeability at room temperature decreases with the increase of the g-C3N4 nanosheets content, stemming from that the periodic vacancies in the lattice of g-C3N4 render the molecular sieving effect and the consequent high resistance for methanol permeation. An increase up to 39% in maximum power density is obtained, indicating the potential of g-C3N4 nanosheets for fuel cell application. Moreover, the superior mechanical properties of the g-C3N4 nanosheets lead to a 68% increase in ultimate tensile strength of the nanocomposite membranes (54.31 MPa at the g-C3N4 nanosheets content of 0.5 wt%). (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Embedding few-layer Ti3C2Tx into alkalized g-C3N4 nanosheets for efficient photocatalytic degradation	Solution of the increasingly important problem of aquatic pollution requires the use of an economical, energy-efficient, highly effective and environmentally-friendly catalyst. Polymeric carbon nitride (C3N4) has shown to be a promising metal-free photocatalyst that however suffers from strong charge recombination and poor conductivity, while MXenes have shown to be perfect co-catalysts for the photocatalytic process but show poor stability. In this study, we successfully constructed a robust heterostructure photocatalyst in which few-layer Ti3C2Tx was embedded into alkalized C3N4 without being oxidized. The photocatalyst showed stable and effective photocatalytic performance for the removal of tetracycline hydrochloride and other organic compounds under visible light irradiation. Different characterization methods were used to elucidate the morphology and structure of the asprepared photocatalyst. The robust heterostructure and the intimate interaction between the two constituents of the composite were verified. Based on the van der Waals heterostructure, Ti3C2Tx acts as the electron acceptor and helps to form Schottky junction, preventing charge recombination of the photocatalyst. And in the meantime, the electrons from C3N4 protect Ti3C2Tx from oxidation. SEM and XRD results demonstrated that the Ti3C2Tx structure remains unchanged after calcination and after photodegradation experiments. Furthermore, a possible mechanism for photocatalytic tetracycline hydrochloride degradation was proposed based on the results of radical scavenging experiments. This work provides a strategy to strengthen heterostructure between 2D materials, and shows that carbon nitride and Mxenes could be promising materials for photocatalytic wastewater pre-treatment applications. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Construction of g-C3N4/Ag/TiO2 composite microspheres with enhanced photoelectric performance in dye-sensitized solar cells	
Modification of porous g-C3N4 nanosheets for enhanced photocatalytic activity: In-situ synthesis and optimization of NH4Cl quantity	In this study, porous g-C3N4 (pg-CN) nanosheets were prepared by a simple and single-step thermal decomposition technique using NH4Cl. The structural and optical properties of the nanosheets were carefully studied. The investigations revealed that the NH4Cl imparted good exfoliation properties to the pg-CN nanosheets. Visible light harvesting was improved and the bandgap also decreased for the pg-CN nanosheets compared to bulk pg-CN. The pg-CN nanosheets showed better degradation percentage of RhB over bulk pg-CN.
The mixed marriage of copper and carbon ring-g-C3N4 nanosheet: A visible-light-driven heterogeneous Fenton-like catalyst	Effective photogenerated charge separation and rapid Cu(II)/Cu(I) redox cycling is still challenging for photocatalytic reactions and copper-based Fenton-like process, respectively. Herein, a novel heterogeneous Fenton-like catalyst of copper incorporated carbon ring-g-C3N4 (Cu-C-CN) was prepared through a facile calcination method. The carbon ring could be intimately connected with g-C3N4 via sp(2)-hybridized C-N bonds to form an in-plane p-conjugated structure. The carbon ring spliced g-C3N4 (C-CN) can serve as an effective electron-hole separator owing to the varied electron affinity of two domains (e.g. carbon-ring and g-C3N4). The copper species were further introduced to the framework of g-C3N4 via the Cu-N bonds to act as acceptors of conduction-electrons from g-C3N4 and H2O2 activators. Taking the photodegradation of methylene blue (MB) as a model reaction, the decomposition efficiency over Cu-C-CN is 5.5 times higher than that of pristine g-C3N4, and would nearly linearly increase with pH. The notable enhancement in photodegradation efficiency could be ascribed to the synergetic collaboration between photocatalysis process and Fenton-like process to generate abundant center dot OH and e(-). The Cu-C-CN catalyst shows high recycling stability with negligible Cu leaching due to the strong affinity of Cu2+ to g-C3N4 framework. The strategy of coupling Fenton-like catalysts, electron-deficient domains (e.g. carbon-ring) into semiconductor-based photocatalysis provides a facile and promising solution to the remediation of water pollution with solar energy.
Light-assisted preparation of heterostructured g-C3N4/ZnO nanorods arrays for enhanced photocatalytic hydrogen performance	The type II heterostructured g-C3N4/ZnO nanorods arrays (NRAs) with intimate interface connection were successfully synthesized via a light-assisted method for photocatalytic H-2 production. Such type-II heterojunction between g-C3N4 and ZnO not only promotes the charge separation and transport but also extends light absorption to the visible light region. In addition, the high physicochemical stability of g-C3N4 layer keeps ZnO from photocorrosion during the reaction. Consequently, the heterostructured g-C3N4/ZnO NRAs demonstrate enhanced photocatalytic H-2 performance. In particular, the highest photocatalytic activity enhancement of g-C3N4/ZnO heterostructure is 3.3 times that of ZnO NRAs with a good stability of 85% retention rate after 5 cycles. Our work here presents an effective strategy to construct heterojunction between g-C3N4 and metal oxide semiconductors for significantly enhanced photocatalytic H-2 production.
Electrical Properties of MIM and MIS Structure using Carbon Nitride Films	Nano-structured carbon nitride (CNx) films were prepared by reactive RF magnetron sputtering with a DC bias at various deposition conditions, and the physical and electrical properties were investigated. FTIR spectrum indicated an α-C3N4 peak in the films. The carbon nitride film deposited on Si substrate had a nano-structured surface morphology. The grain size was about 20 nm and the deposition rate was 1.7 mm/hr. When the N2/Ar ratio was 3/7, the level of nitrogen incorporation was 34.3 at%. The film had a low dielectric constant. The metal-insulator-semiconductor (MIS) capacitors that the carbon nitride was deposited as insulators, exhibited a typical C-V characteristics.
Functional changes in bladder tissue from type III collagen-deficient mice	Objective:
EXFOLIATED NANOSHEETS OF GRAPHITIC CARBON NITRIDE: STUDY OF OPTICAL AND PHOTOELECTROCHEMICAL PROPERTIES	
Metallic 1T-phase MoS2 quantum dots/g-C3N4 heterojunctions for enhanced photocatalytic hydrogen evolution dagger	Recently, molybdenum disulfide (MoS2) has been regarded as an efficient non-precious-metal co-catalyst for photocatalytic hydrogen (H-2) evolution, however, its inherent low-density active site and poor electron transfer efficiency have essentially limited its photocatalytic properties. Here we report that 1T-MoS2 quantum dots (QDs) can act as co-catalysts in assisting the photocatalytic H-2 evolution to form heterostructures with g-C3N4 nanosheets (denoted as 1T-MoS2 QDs@g-C3N4). Benefiting from the abundance of exposed catalytic edge sites and the excellent intrinsic conductivity of 1T-MoS2 QDs, an optimized 1T-MoS2 QD@g-C3N4 composite (15 wt%) exhibits an extraordinary photocatalytic H-2 evolution rate of 1857 mu mol h(-1) g(-1) under simulated solar light irradiation, apparently 37.9 times higher than that of pure g-C3N4 NSs (49 mu mol h(-1) g(-1)). Meanwhile, the 1T-MoS2 QD@g-C3N4 composites exhibit a good stability in the cyclic runs for the photocatalytic H-2 production. The high efficient photocatalytic activity and stability of the 1T-MoS2 QD@g-C3N4 composite is primarily attributed to the following reasons: (1) the introduction of 1T-MoS2 QDs results in a stronger light absorption capability in comparison with pure g-C3N4; (2) the tiny particle size of 1T-MoS2 QDs, in which edges and basal surface are catalytically active, provides a proliferated density of catalytically active sites; (3) 1T-MoS2 QD co-catalysts with metallic characteristics could act as efficient electron acceptors, which builds up a highly efficient pathway for photo-generated electrons from the CB of g-C3N4 NSs to 1T-MoS2 and thus realizes rapid spatial charge separation. The improved light harvesting ability, increased catalytically active sites, as well as increased separation of charge carriers could be responsible for the improved photocatalytic H-2 evolution. This work will provide new insight for the design and fabrication of smarter, cheaper and more robust artificial photocatalysts for photocatalytic H-2 evolution.
Mesoporous graphitic carbon nitride as an efficient sorbent for extraction of sulfonamides prior to HPLC analysis	Mesoporous graphitic carbon nitride (MCN) is shown to be a viable sorbent for the enrichment of sulfonamides (SAs). To overcome the difficulty of separating the sorbent from the matrix, a novel type kind of column-assisted dispersive solid-phase extraction (CA-dSPE) method was designed. The MCN was characterized by scanning electron microscopy, high-resolution transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, fourier transform infrared spectroscopy and nitrogen adsorption-desorption measurements. The amount of sorbent, the pH value of the sample, the adsorption time, type and volume of the eluent and desorption time were optimized. The SAs were eluted from the sorbent with elution solvent of methanol containing 10% (v/v) ammonia and then submitted to HPLC analysis. Under the optimized conditions, the limits of detection for the SAs investigated (sulfadiazine, sulfameter, sulfachloropyridazine, sulfabenzamide and sulfadimethoxine) range from 20 to 5 pg·mL-1. Satisfactory recoveries were obtained for spiked environmental water (90.1-110.5%) and milk samples (82.3-102.7%), with relative standard deviations of 0.5-3.8% and 1.1-4.4%, respectively. The method is simple, time saving and sensitive. Graphical abstract Schematic presentation of a column assisted dispersive solid-phase extraction by using mesoporous graphitic carbon nitride as sorbent combined with high performance liquid chromatography for sensitive analysis of sulfonamides in environmental water and milk samples.
Novel up-conversion carbon quantum dots/alpha-FeOOH nanohybrids eliminate tetracycline and its related drug resistance in visible-light responsive Fenton system	In this study, novel up-converted carbon quantum dots (CQD) incorporated goethite (alpha-FeOOH) nanohybrids (CQDs/alpha-FeOOH) were fabricated via a facile hydrolysis method. CQDs/alpha-FeOOH exhibited remarkably degradation efficiency towards tetracycline (TC, 0.1503 min(-1)), approximately 3.7 times than pristine alpha-FeOOH with much lower amount of H2O2 (0.5 mM) under visible light irradiation (lambda > 420 nm). The quenching and electron spin resonance (ESR) tests proved center dot OH, O-2 center dot- and O-1(2) were involved in TC degradation in CQDs/alpha-FeOOH catalyzed Fenton system. The potential Ultraviolet-Visible-Infrared (UV-vis-IR) broad-spectrum responsive properties of CQDs/alpha-FeOOH were proved in degradation various surface charged organic contaminants regarding the function of coupling up-conversion CQDs. CQDs/alpha-FeOOH also exhibited wide application pH, excellent durability, fairly good catalytic performance within different practical water matrices and completely eliminated related drug resistance of TC even under real solar-light conditions. The good biocompatibility makes CQDs/alpha-FeOOH served as a promising photocatalyst for remediation of water contamination with efficient utilization of solar energy.
Double Z-scheme photocatalyst C3N4 nanotube/N-doped carbon dots/Ni2P with enhanced visible-light photocatalytic activity for hydrogen generation	Photocatalyst with double Z-scheme mechanism can promote the separation and transmission of photo-induced carriers effectively. In this work, a novel C3N4 nanotube (CNT)/N-doped carbon dots (NCDs)/Ni2P composite photocatalyst was prepared by decorating NCDs and Ni2P nanoparticles on CNT, respectively. A variety of test results, including photoluminescence spectra (PL), electrochemical impedance spectrum (EIS) and transient photocurrent responses (TPR), show that compared with CNT and CNT/Ni2P, CNT/NCDs/Ni2P composite can dramatically facilitate the separation and transmission of charge. Impressively, the CNT/NCDs/Ni2P composite achieves a hydrogen evolution rate of 627.2 mu mol g(-1) h(-1) which is well above that of CNT and CNT/Ni2P, respectively (no detection and 48.5 mu mol g(-1) h(-1)). Combining the above characterization results with energy band calculation, we speculate that the remarkably optimized photocatalytic activity was predominantly ascribed to the double Z-scheme charge transfer mechanism for CNT/NCDs/Ni2P nanocomposite. This work provides a new member for family of photocatalysts with double Z-scheme mechanism, which is beneficial to further fundamental and applied research.
Mechanistic Characteristics of Surface Modified Organic Semiconductor g-C3N4 Nanotubes Alloyed with Titania	The visible-light-driven photocatalytic degradation of Bisphenol A (BPA) was investigated using the binary composite of alkaline treated g-C3N4 (HT-g-C3N4) deposited over commercial TiO2 (Evonik Degussa GmbH, Essen, Germany). The existence and contribution of both TiO2 and g-C3N4/HT-g-C3N4 in the composite was confirmed through various analytical techniques including powder X-ray diffraction (XRD), high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM), field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), ultraviolet-visible diffuse reflectance spectra (UV-vis-DRS), and photoluminescence (PL) analysis. The results showed that the titania in the binary composite exhibited both pure rutile and anatase phases. The morphological analysis indicated that the spongy "morel-like" structure of g-C3N4 turned to nanotube form after alkaline hydrothermal treatment and thereby decreased the specific surface area of HT-g-C3N4. The low surface area of HT-g-C3N4 dominates its promising optical property and effective charge transfer, resulting in a deprived degradation efficiency of BPA two times lower than pure g-C3N4. The binary composite of HT-g-C3N4/TiO2 exhibited excellent degradation efficiency of BPA with 2.16 times higher than the pure HT-g-C3N4. The enhanced photocatalytic activity was mainly due to the promising optical band gap structure with heterojunction interface, favorable specific surface area, and good charge separation.
Liposome-amplified photoelectrochemical immunoassay for highly sensitive monitoring of disease biomarkers based on a split-type strategy	Liposomes are an excellent candidate component for biosensors to transduce and amplify detection signals due to their outstanding ability in encapsulating signal marker compounds. However, the use of liposomes for photoelectrochemical (PEC) signal transduction has not yet been achieved due the lack of appropriate sensing strategy. Herein, we report on a novel liposomes-amplified PEC immunoassay (LAPIA) method for sensitive HIV-p24 antigen (p24) detection based on a split-type strategy. Initially, liposomes were encapsulated with alkaline phosphatase (ALP) in their hydrophilic chamber and conjugated with secondary antibody on the surface to form the ALP-encapsulated liposomes (ALP-Ls) based PEC signal label. Sandwiched immunoassay based on the ALP-Ls label was then carried out in microwell plate. Upon addition of tween 20, the ALP molecules were released and catalyzed the hydrolysis of ascorbic acid 2-phosphate (AA-p) to produce ascorbic acid (AA). The latter then donated electron to the graphene/g-C3N4 nanohybrids based photoelectrode, arousing an increased photocurrent signal. The separation of immunoreaction step and PEC signal excitation (i.e. split type) not only enabled the realization of liposomes based amplification strategy, but also could eliminate the PEC-caused biomolecules damage. The developed PEC method possessed a wide calibration range from 1.0 pg m171 to 50 ng mL(-1) and a low detection limit of 0.63 pg mL(-1). Its practicability was demonstrated.by assaying human serum samples. Moreover, the universality of the liposomes-amplified PEC sensing strategy was also demonstrated by developing it into a sensitive microRNA detection method.
Constructing Solid-Gas-Interfacial Fenton Reaction over Alkalinized-C3N4 Photocatalyst To Achieve Apparent Quantum Yield of 49% at 420 nm	Efficient generation of active oxygen-related radicals plays an essential role in boosting advanced oxidation process. To promote photocatalytic oxidation for gaseous pollutant over g-C3N4, a solid gas interfacial Fenton reaction is coupled into alkalinized g-C3N4-based photocatalyst to effectively convert photocatalytic generation of H2O2 into oxygen-related radicals. This system includes light energy as power, alkalinized g-C3N4-based photocatalyst as an in situ and robust H2O2 generator, and surface-decorated Fe3+ as a trigger of H2O2 conversion, which attains highly efficient and universal activity for photodegradation of volatile organic compounds (VOCs). Taking the photooxidation of isopropanol as model reaction, this system achieves a photoactivity of 2-3 orders of magnitude higher than that of pristine g-C3N4, which corresponds to a high apparent quantum yield of 49% at around 420 nm. In-situ electron spin resonance (ESR) spectroscopy and sacrificial-reagent incorporated photocatalytic characterizations indicate that the notable photoactivity promotion could be ascribed to the collaboration between photocarriers (electrons and holes) and Fenton process to produce abundant and reactive oxygen-related radicals. The strategy of coupling solid gas interfacial Fenton process into semiconductor-based photocatalysis provides a facile and promising solution to the remediation of air pollution via solar energy.
Deciphering Z-scheme Charge Transfer Dynamics in Heterostructure NiFe-LDH/N-rGO/g-C3N4 Nanocomposite for Photocatalytic Pollutant Removal and Water Splitting Reactions	A series of heterostructure NiFe LDH/N-rGO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite were fabricated by combining calcinations-electrostatic self-assembly and hydrothermal steps. In this method, negatively charged N-rGO was electrostaticaly bonded to the self-assembled interface of n-n type g-C3N4/NiFe LDH hybrid. XRD and AFM results revealed successful formation of heterostructure nanocomposite due to the coupling effect of exfoliated NiFe LDH nanosheets with N-rGO and g-C3N4. Among the as synthesized heterostructure, CNNG3LDH performed superior photocatalytic activities towards 95 and 72% mineralization of RhB and phenol. Furthermore, CNNG3LDH could achieve the highest photocatalytic H2 evolution rate of 2508 μmolg-12h-1 and O2 evolution rate of 1280 μmolg-12h-1 under visible light irradiation. The CNNG3LDH possess lowest PL intensity, reduced arc of the Nyquist plot (43.8 Ώ) and highest photocurrent density (-0.97 mA cm-2) which revealed effective charge separation for superior photocatalytic activities. TRPL spectral results reveal the synergistic effect of layered component in CNNG3LDH for achievable higher life time of excitons of ~16.52 ns. In addition, N-rGO mediator based Z-scheme charge transfer mechanisms in CNNG3LDH were verified by the ESR and TA-PL studies. Enriched oxygen vacancy type defects in NiFe LDH and N-rGO mediated Z-scheme charge transfer mechanistic path strongly manifest the superior photocatalytic activities of the heterostructure materials.
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV (EDS IV) as model of a defective biopolymer composite material	The connective tissue of a lethal EDS IV case was investigated for the reasons of the manifested disturbances of the arterial wall. This functional disorder was attributed to the mechanical decoupling of elastin and collagen, with the premise of a composite material consisting of cellular, fibrillar, lamellar and other matrix components. A conceivable relation between the manifested deficiency of type III collagen and a disturbed anchoring of elastin is shown. These findings are supported by biochemical, morphological, x-ray and mechanical data.
Long afterglow phosphor driven round-the-clock g-C3N4 photocatalyst	A stable round-the-clock photocatalyst was prepared for the first time by combining Sr2MgSi2O7: (Eu, Dy) (SMSO) and g-C3N4. When the external light source was removed, the new-type photocatalyst still remained photocatalytic activity for about 6 h. Furthermore, the photocatalytic activity was enhanced by combined with SMSO, possibly due to the higher visible-light utilization efficiency and the reduced recombination rate of the photo-generated carriers. The repeated photocatalysis experiment showed that the photocatalytic activity was stable. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Synergistic influence of SiC and C3N4 reinforcements on the characteristics of ZrB2-based composites	In this work, ZrB2-SiC and novel C3N4-doped ZrB2-SiC composites were manufactured at 1850 degrees C under an external load of 40 MPa for 6 min via spark plasma sintering. The effects of C3N4 on the mechanical characteristics (flexural strength, Vickers hardness, and fracture toughness) and microstructure of the ZrB2-SiC-based composites were investigated. By adding 5 wt% g-C3N4, a fully dense ceramic composite was fabricated, compared to the C3N4-free ZrB2-SiC composite with a relative density of 95%. Removal of ZrO2 and B2O3 from the surface of ZrB2 particles via chemical reactions with C3N4, and the in-situ synthesis of ZrC and BN as new phases were studied by XRD and SEM analyses. Indentation fracture toughness, flexural strength, and Vickers hardness improved from 4.5 MPa.m(1/2), 460.2 MPa and 17.4 GPa to 6.1 MPa.m(1/2), 580.2 MPa and 21.2 GPa, respectively, by adding g-C3N4 to the ZrB2-SiC ceramic.
Synthesis of Pd/Au bimetallic nanoparticle-loaded ultrathin graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets for highly efficient catalytic reduction of p-nitrophenol	Noble metal nanoparticles (NPs) applied in heterogeneous catalysis have attracted considerable attention due to their highly efficient catalytic performance. Pd/Au bimetallic NPs were successfully decorated on the ultrathin graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets (g-C3N4-N) by a facile one-pot deposition reduction method. The obtained results show that Pd/Au NPs with average diameter around 8 nm are homogeneously dispersed on the surface of unmodified g-C3N4-N. The obtained materials were characterized via transmission electron microscopy (TEM), high-resolution TEM, energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). In addition, considering the large surface area and special pi-bonded planar structure, the unique ultrathin g-C3N4-N behave as an excellent carrier and stabilizer in this synthesis. The as-synthesized Pd/Au bimetallic nanohybrids show superior catalytic performance and stability for reduction of p-nitrophenol (p-NP), which is better than either of pure Pd or Au nanohybrids. Besides, the catalytic activities of Pd/Au@g-C3N4-N nanohybrids were found to be controlled by altering the Pd versus Au mass ratio in the preparation process. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Enhanced photocatalytic activities of g-C3N4 with large specific surface area via a facile one-step synthesis process	Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has been considered as a promising metal-free catalyst for a wide range of application due to its intriguing properties. However, the photocatalytic performance is restricted by the small specific surface area (SSA) and limited active sites. Here, a facile one-step method was employed to prepare thin porous g-C3N4 with large SSA by condensation of urea. During the pyrolysis process, the self-generated NH3 not only participates in the condensation reaction to obtain bulk g-C3N4, but also etches crystal lattice to form thinner nanosheets. A high SSA of 141.4 m(2) g(-1) for the sample synthesized in the enclosed condition (ECD-CN) is obtained, which is much larger than the SSA of 57.4 m(2) g(-1) for the sample synthesized in the non-enclosed condition (NCD-CN). These porous nanosheets with the enhanced SSA endow g-C3N4 more exposed active sites and shorten the carrier diffusion length. As a result, the ECD-CN sample exhibits much higher photodegradation rate on rodamine B (99.0% within 10 min) and hydrogen evolution rate (504.2 mu mol h(-1) g(-1)) under visible-light. This study provides a facile and template-free strategy in preparing efficient, sustainable and visible-light-driven photocatalyst. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Synthesis and Visible-Light Photocatalytic Activity of Graphite-like Carbon Nitride Nanopowders	Graphite-like carbon nitride (g-C3N4) nanopowders were synthesized by heat treatment of urea in air at a temperature of 450-550 degrees C for 30 min and studied by X-ray diffraction and infrared spectroscopy. The main processes resulting in the formation of g-C3N4 from urea under the above conditions was established using the method of simultaneous thermal analysis. It was found that with an increase in the processing temperature of urea from 450 to 550 degrees C, a rise in the specific surface of the powders occurs from 43.3 to 58.6 m(2) g(-1), as well as an increase in the crystallite sizes of graphite-like carbon nitride in the crystallographic direction (002) from 2.8 to 4.1 nm. According to the results of scanning electron microscopy and low-temperature nitrogen adsorption, the obtained graphite-like carbon nitride powders have a mesoporous structure and are characterized by an average pore size of 6.6-13.8 nm and porosity of 0.07-0.20 cm(3) g(-1). According to the results of diffuse reflectance spectroscopy, it was found that g-C3N4 nanopowders absorb radiation in the visible region and have a band gap of 2.9 eV. The photocatalytic activity of the obtained graphite-like carbon nitride during the oxidation of an aqueous murexide solution under the influence of visible light was analyzed and it was shown that the obtained g-C3N4 nanopowders have activity close to that of the commercial TiO2 photocatalyst (AEROXIDE P25). In view of the high activity and low cost, the obtained powders of graphite-like carbon nitride can be used as the substrate for new photocatalytic materials.
SnO2 nanosheets/g-C3N4 composite with improved lithium storage capabilities	Tin dioxide (SnO2) nanosheets/graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) composite was prepared by a hydrothermal method using mercapto acetic acid as the morphology directing agent in an acidic medium. The as obtained composite was characterized by X-ray diffraction, scanning electron microscopy, transmission electron microscope, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy; the results of this study show that in the composite, SnO2 nanosheets with a thickness in the range similar to 20-25 nm dispersed well on the g-C3N4. The lithium storage capability of the composite was investigated. The cycling performance of the composite was improved and is believed to be attributed by the presence of g-C3N4 support. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
V2O5/P-g-C3N4 Z-scheme enhanced heterogeneous photocatalytic removal of methyl orange from water under visible light irradiation	Dye removal from water via photocatalytic technologies has attracted considerable attention. In this study, Z-scheme V2O5/P-g-C3N4 photocatalytic materials were prepared by heat treatment and characterized by a series of characterization methods. Under the visible light irradiation condition, the degradation performance of the prepared V2O5/P-g-C3N4 photocatalytic material for methyl orange (MO) removal was investigated. The results indicated that the V2O5/P-g-C3N4 Z-scheme heterostructure exhibited the best apparent rate of degrading MO: 14.5 and 3.7 times higher than those of V2O5 and P-C3N4 when they were separately used. The free radical capture and electron spin resonance (ESR) experiments confirmed that h(+) and center dot O-2(-) were the primary active species in the photocatalytic degradation of MO by V2O5/P-g-C3N4 Z-scheme heterogeneous photocatalytic materials. The improvement of catalytic activity was primarily attributed to the formation of a V2O5/P-g-C3N4 Z-scheme heterojunction, which effectively separated the photoexcited electron-hole pairs and improved the reaction efficiency. This study affords a simple strategy for preparing the photocatalytic material, a V2O5C3N4/P-g-C3N4 Z-scheme heterojunction, and avails a new method for the MO removal from water.
Construction of porous g-C3N4@PPZ tubes for high performance BMI resin with enhanced fire safety and toughness	It's acknowledged that the inferior toughness of bismaleimide resin (BMI) is the crucial problem hindering its development and application especially in aerospace, mechanical and electronic fields. While the poor fire safety of toughened BMI is another problem urgently needed to be resolved. Therefore a novel g-C3N4@PPZ hierarchical architecture constituted of porous g-C(3)N4 tubes modified by polyphosphazene was designed and fabricated to improve the fire safety and mechanical properties of BMI in this work. Especially compared to pure BMI, the peak heat release rate (PHRR) and peak smoke production rate (PSPR) of BMI with an incorporation of 2 wt% g-C3N4@PPZ (BMI/g-C3N4@PPZ2.0) are at 246.3 kW/m(2) and 0.12 m(2)/s accompanying with 52.1% and 53.8% reduction respectively. The total heat release (THR) and total smoke production (TSP) of BMI/g-C3N4@ PPZ2.0 are endowed with reductions of 29.4% and 42.9% as well, which demonstrates that the fire safety including heat and smoke hazards of BMI/g-C3N4@PPZ2.0 is significantly improved. With regard to the mechanical performance of BMI composites, the impact strength of BMI/g-C3N4@PPZ1.5 is 18.89 kJ/m(2) which increases by 184.0% in comparison with that of pure BMI resin (6.65 kJ/m(2)). And it's found that the impact strength of BMI/g-C3N4@PPZ are still higher than pure BMI in hot-humid environment, which signifies that the BMI/g-C3N4@PPZ would be preferred in the industrial applications. Meantime the possible flame retardant and toughening mechanism of g-C3N4@PPZ in BMI is detailed investigated and proposed as well.
Enhanced photocatalytic performance by the synergy of Bi vacancies and Bi-0 in Bi-0-Bi2-delta MoO6	Bi vacancies and Bi-0 containing Bi2MoO6 (Bi-0-Bi2-delta MoO6) was synthesized by a facile chemical reduction method. The visible-light-driven photoactivity of Bi2MoO6 was enhanced by nearly 7 times due to the synergy of Bi vacancies and Bi-0. Based on the characterization of XRD, HRTEM, XRF, XPS, Raman, FTIR and PL, Bi vacancies and Bi-0 coexisted in the crystal lattice of Bi2MoO6, and a strong interaction between Bi-0 and Bi-2(-)delta MoO6 was observed. Bi vacancies were proved to enlarge the band gap to promote the separation of photogenerated electron-hole pairs, and Bi-0 can act as an electron trap to accelerate the charge transfer by its strong interaction with Bi2-delta MoO6, resulting in the high photoactivity of Bi-0-Bi2-delta MoO6 for the degradation of various organic pollutants under visible light. By the studies of ESR and other experiments, the charge transfer process was clarified that the fast separated electrons from Bi2-delta MoO6 by Bi vacancies were transferred to Bi-0 and further reacted to produce O-2(center dot-), and thus the photoexcited holes were accelerated to transfer to the surface of Bi2-delta MoO6 to oxidize water into more (OH)-O-center dot and directly degrade organic pollutants in water.
Atomically dispersed Mo atoms on amorphous g-C3N4 promotes visible-light absorption and charge carriers transfer	Atomically dispersed atom catalysts with atomically distributed active metal centers have attracted great attention owing to the maximum atom efficiency and excellent selectivity. Herein, for the first time, we found atomically dispersed Mo atoms can be formed on g-C3N4, and induce its amorphous transformation. This amorphous transformation leads to the formation of strong band tails with remarkably enhancing the absorbance edge of Mo-C3N4 up to 750 nm, resulting in almost whole visible-light range absorption. The formation of new Mo-C and Mo-N bonds due to strong interfacial interaction between atomically dispersed Mo atoms and g-C3N4 provide new electron and hole transport pathways to accelerate the separation of charge carriers. As a result, amorphous Mo/C3N4 (alpha-Mo/C3N4) reveals excellent photoreduction of CO2, yielding CO and H-2 productions of 18 and 37 mu mol g(-1) h(-1) under visible-light illumination (X. > 420 nm), which manifest a remarkable 10.6- and 4-folds enhancement of that over crystalline g-C3N4. This finding provides a conceptually different approach to fabricate high-efficient photocatalyst through the strong interfacial interaction between atomically dispersed metal atoms and host.
Isolation and sequencing of an active-site peptide from angiotensin I-converting enzyme	A glutamic acid residue at the active-site of bovine lung angiotensin I-converting enzyme was esterified with p-[N,N-bis-(chloroethyl)amino]phenylbutyryl-L-[U-14]-Proline (chlorambucyl-L-[U-14C]-L-Proline), an affinity label for this enzyme. The radiolabeled enzyme was digested with BrCN and only 1 of the 30 cleavage peptides resolved by reverse-phase HPLC contained the bound radiolabel. This active-site peptide (Mr approximately 16,000) was digested with trypsin, and the labeled peptide (T-2) was further degraded with thermolysin. The enzyme digest peptides were also resolved by reverse-phase HPLC. Only 1 of the 5 peptides obtained after thermolysin digestion (Th-1, Mr 1290) contained the bound radiolabel. Th-1 (12 residues) was subjected to manual Edman degradation and the following partial sequence was determined: H2N-Phe-Thr-Glu-Leu-Ala-Asp-Ser-Glu. The radiolabel was released at cycle 3 and the amount recovered was equivalent to the amount of PTH-Glu detected on HPLC. Thus, glutamic acid is esterified with chlorambucyl-L-[U-14C]-Proline which confirms our earlier findings. The sequence that we determined is homologous in five residues with the corresponding sequences of carboxypeptidase A and B, two other mammalian zinc-proteases. There is little sequence homology with thermolysin, a bacterial zinc-protease that also contains an essential active-site glutamic acid residue.
A Z-scheme mechanism of N-ZnO/g-C3N4 for enhanced H-2 evolution and photocatalytic degradation	The N-ZnO/g-C3N4 composites prepared by high temperature calcination exhibited excellent performance in both the photocatalytic H-2 evolution and photocatalytic degradation of Methylene blue (MB). It can be seen that the absorption range of ZnO extends from ultraviolet light to UV-visible light after N dopant. The combination with g-C3N4 further enhances the absorption range of N-ZnO, thereby increasing the utilization of light. A Z-scheme photocatalytic system mechanism of N-ZnO/g-C3N4 has been proposed for the enhanced H-2 evolution and photocatalytic degradation rate. The proper bands position of N-ZnO facilitates the formation of Z-scheme mechanism. The electrons on CB of N-ZnO would migrate to VB of g-C3N4, which can effectively prevent the recombination of electrons and holes. The generation of electrons in CB of g-C3N4 and accumulation of holes in VB of N-ZnO can improve the photocatalytic efficiency.
Correlation of structure and hardness of rf magnetron sputtered silicon carbonitride films	Ternary nanocomposite silicon carbonitride (Si-C-N) ceramic coatings have shown potential for wear resistance, oxidation resistance, hardness, tunable band gap, and chemical inertness applications. A systematic investigation on the deposition of Si-C-N nanocomposite coatings by sputtering under varying deposition conditions such as chamber pressure, substrate temperature by structural, nanoindentation, and microstructural studies of optimized condition has been presented. Significant role of different deposition parameter on the mechanical and structural properties were observed. The structural characterizations of the coatings were carried out using Fourier transformed infra red (FTIR), transmission electron microscopy, Raman spectroscopy, and field emission scanning electron microscope. An increase in argon-nitrogen pressure in the range of 1-5 Pa led to lowering of particle size and surface smoothening and growth of hard phases of beta-C3N4 and beta-Si3N4. An increase in substrate temperature from room temperature to 500 degrees C led to nucleation and growth of hard phases of beta-C3N4 and Si3N4 in the amorphous Si-C-N matrix. The nanoindentation studies showed the variation in hardness and Young's modulus from 8 to 22 GPa and from 100 to 240 GPa, respectively, dependent on the deposition conditions. The FUR studies confirmed the presence of C-N, Si-N, Si-Si, Si-O, and Si-C in different films. (c) 2010 American Vacuum Society. [DOI: 10.1116/1.3420430]
Facile fabrication of alpha-Fe2O3/porous g-C3N4 heterojunction hybrids with enhanced visible-light photocatalytic activity	alpha-Fe2O3/porous g-C3N4 (e-Fe2O3/PCN) photocatalysts were fabricated via a facile and green method. Structural characterization indicated alpha-Fe2O3 nanoparticles were successfully loaded onto PCN. The alpha-Fe2O3/PCN nanocomposites were proven durable with significantly enhanced photocatalytic activity for Rhodamine B photodegradation than the single components under visible light irradiation. The improved photoactivity was mainly attributed to the broadened visible light absorption, enriched active sites, and formation of alpha-Fe2O3/PCN heterojunction that addressed the recombination of photoinduced electrons and holes. The alpha-Fe2O3/PCN hybrids also showed high recyclability and chemical stability.
In situ synthesis of Cu+ self-doped CuWO4/g-C3N4 heterogeneous Fenton-like catalysts: The key role of Cu+ in enhancing catalytic performance	In this work, novel Cu+ self-doped CuWO4/g-C3N4 composites were in situ synthesized through a simple hydrothermal method. The CuWO4 nanoparticles with the size of about 10 nm were dispersed uniformly on the surface of g-C3N4 nanosheets. The Fenton-like catalytic results showed that the 30 wt% CuWO4/g-C3N4 composite exhibited the best catalytic activity for the degradation of organic dyes. The enhanced Fenton-like catalytic activity could be ascribed to the promoted redox cycle of Cu+/Cu2+ in the presence of abundant Cu+ as well as the synergistic effect between CuWO4 and g-C3N4 in the CuWO4/g-C3N4 composites. In addition, the highly efficient catalysts could be used repeatedly to treat variety of organic pollutants in a wide pH range at room temperature without external energy input (light, electricity and ultrasound). The reactive species quenching experiments showed that singlet oxygen played the major role in the Fenton-like reaction for the degradation of organic dyes. Based on the above results, a possible reaction mechanism was proposed in the Cu+ self-doped CuWO4/g-C3N4/H2O2 system.
Facile synthesis of free-metal ternary composites for ultra-fast photocatalytic degradation of organic pollutant	
Ni-P cluster modified carbon nitride toward efficient photocatalytic hydrogen production	Exploring low-cost cocatalyst to take over noble metal cocatalyst is still challenging in the field of photocatalytic proton reduction. Herein, Ni-P alloy clusters are anchored onto the surface of polymeric carbon nitride through a chemical plating method and serve as highly efficient and stable cocatalyst toward photocatalytic proton reduction. An effective role in promoting the charge separation and migration of the photocatalytic system is demonstrated for Ni-P clusters, which essentially enhance the photocatalytic H-2-production rate to a value of 1506 mu mol h(-1) g(-1). This performance is comparable to that of the benchmark of Pt-modified carbon nitride. This work highlights that the Ni-P alloy could be a potential alternative to noble metal cocatalyst in the photocatalytic reactions. (C) 2019, Dalian Institute of Chemical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Highly sensitive smartphone-integrated colorimetric glucose sensor based on MnFe2O4 - graphitic carbon nitride hybrid nanostructure	An extremely sensitive colorimetric glucose sensor was fabricated using a novel hybrid nanostructure comprised of manganese ferrite oxide- graphitic carbon nitride (MnFe2O4/g-C3N4). A neural network-based glucose analytical smartphone application can be used to easily monitor the glucose concentration with a high accuracy by only taking images with the smartphone camera. The as-synthesized MnFe2O4/g-C3N4 exhibited a very high affinity toward 3,3',5,5'-tetramethylbenzidine (TMB) and H2O2, as calculated via Michaelis-Menten kinetics. The glucose sensors using as-synthesized MnFe2O4/g-C3N4 exhibit a wide linear range and very low detection limits of 20.5 nM for H2O2 and 17.3 nM for glucose, which are one of the lowest values ever reported.The instrumental analysis with XPS, XRD, and TEM revealed that MnFe2O4/g-C3N4 had a highly crystalline structure of MnFe2O4 and g-C3N4 with abundant oxygen vacancies and well-developed hybrid structures, which might result in excellent catalytic activity and glucose sensitivity.
Preparation of Nitrogen-Deficient Graphitic Carbon Nitride with a Large Specific Surface Area by Melt Pretreatment and Its Photocatalytic Performance	In this study, nitrogen-deficient graphitic carbon nitride (M-LS-g-C3N4) with a mesoporous structure and a large specific surface area was obtained by calcination after melt pretreatment using urea as a precursor. X-ray diffraction (XRD), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), N-2 adsorption, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), UV-Vis, ESR and photoluminescence (PL) were used to characterize the structure, morphology and optical performance of the samples. The TEM results showed the formation of a mesoporous structure on the 0.1 M-LS-g-C3N4 surface. The porous structure led to an increase in the specific surface area from 41.5 m(2)/g to 124.3 m(2)/g. The UV-Vis results showed that nitrogen vacancies generated during the modification process reduced the band gap of g-C3N4 and improved the visible light absorption. The PL spectra showed that the nitrogen defects promoted the separation of photogenerated electron-hole pairs. In the visible light degradation of methyl orange (MO), the reaction rate constant of 0.1 M-LS-g-C3N4 reached 0.0086 min(-1), which was 5.05 times that of pure g-C3N4. Superoxide radicals and photogenerated holes were found to be the main active species in the reaction system. This study provides an efficient, green and convenient means of preparing graphitic carbon nitride with a large specific surface area.
Facile Synthesis of N-Doped Graphene-Like Carbon Nanoflakes as Efficient and Stable Electrocatalysts for the Oxygen Reduction Reaction	series of N-doped carbon materials (NCs) were synthesized by using biomass citric acid and dicyandiamide as renewable raw materials via a facile one-step pyrolysis method. The characterization of microstructural features shows that the NCs samples are composed of few-layered graphene-like nanoflakes with controlled in situ N doping, which is attributed to the confined pyrolysis of citric acid within the interlayers of the dicyandiamide-derived g-C3N4 with high nitrogen contents. Evidently, the pore volumes of the NCs increased with the increasing content of dicyandiamide in the precursor. Among these samples, the NCs nanoflakes prepared with the citric acid/dicyandiamide mass ratio of 1: 6, NC-6, show the highest N content of similar to 6.2 at%, in which pyridinic and graphitic N groups are predominant. Compared to the commercial Pt/C catalyst, the as-prepared NC-6 exhibits a small negative shift of similar to 66 mV at the half-wave potential, demonstrating excellent electrocatalytic activity in the oxygen reduction reaction. Moreover, NC-6 also shows better long-term stability and resistance to methanol crossover compared to Pt/C. The efficient and stable performance are attributed to the graphene-like microstructure and high content of pyridinic and graphitic doped nitrogen in the sample, which creates more active sites as well as facilitating charge transfer due to the close four-electron reaction pathway. The superior electrocatalytic activity coupled with the facile synthetic method presents a new pathway to cost-effective electrocatalysts for practical fuel cells or metal-air batteries.[GRAPHICS]
Novel multilayer TiO2 heterojunction decorated by low g-C3N4 content and its enhanced photocatalytic activity under UV, visible and solar light irradiation	In this paper, we used a facile ball milling, microwave radiation and heating treatment method to achieve the surface modification of TiO2 with low g-C3N4 concentration, and a multilayer heterojunction composite with TiO2 as the main part and g-C3N4 as the modification agent was obtained. The obtained materials were analyzed by several characterizations to get information on their chemical composition, crystalline structure, vibrational features and optical properties. The photocatalytic performance was evaluated by degradation of rhodamine B (RhB) and methylene blue (MB) under UV, visible and direct solar light irradiation. Its photocatalytic activity was enhanced depended on the novel structure of g-C3N4/TiO2 hybrid and the special Z-scheme electron-hole transfer model of multilayer heterointerfaces. The material preparation and structural features could be useful for the design and development of other photocatalysts with high photocatalytic activity.
Novel immobilized ternary photocatalytic polymer film based airlift reactor for efficient degradation of complex phthalocyanine dye wastewater	Reduced graphene oxide (rGO) as well as graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) catalysts were synthesized and a physical admixture of rGO and g-C3N4 along with TiO2 in the ratio of 1:1:1 by weight was immobilized in a polystyrene film using the facile solvent casting method. An internal loop airlift reactor with a working volume of 1.2 litres incorporating the prepared polymer-based photocatalytic film was designed and tested for the photocatalytic degradation of remazol turquoise blue dye synthetic wastewater. The reactor parameters affecting the photocatalytic activity such as airflow rate and Di/Do (ratio of draft tube diameter to outer tube diameter) were evaluated. The successful operation of the reactor obtained using the ternary immobilized catalyst mixture film gave 92.25% total organic carbon reduction and 94% decolourization within 140 min, compared to 91% decolourization by the slurry form within 40 min. Complete and quicker decolourization of the dye was also demonstrated under the influence of O3 or H2O2. The immobilized catalyst was successfully reused four times. The ternary catalyst admixture employed in this work and the unique design of the photocatalytic reactor helps to increase the degradation rate of toxic textile effluents thus making it suitable for larger scales of treatment.
Titanium dioxide and cadmium sulfide co-sensitized graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets composite photocatalysts with superior performance in phenol degradation under visible-light irradiation	In this work, TiO2-CdS-gCNNSs heterojunction photocatalysts were successfully synthesized. CdS was deposited on the surface of gCNNSs via electrostatic attraction; TiOC, TiOCO and TiON bonds were produced in TiO2-CdS-gCNNSs, strengthening the interaction between TiO2 and gCNNSs. The TiO2-CdS-gCNNSs photocatalyst showed excellent photocatalytic activity for phenol degradation under visible-light irradiation, which was higher than that of CdS-gCNNSs, CdS-TiO2 and TiO2-gCNNSs. The improved photocatalytic performance of TiO2-CdS-gCNNSs was ascribed to more adsorption sites, enhanced light harvesting ability and effective separation rate of electron-hole pairs. Furthermore, the results of photocatalytic mechanism indicated that h+ and O2- played a more significant role on the phenol degradation.
Primary structure of hemocyanin subunit c from Panulirus interruptus	The amino acid sequence of the hemocyanin subunit c from the spiny lobster, Panulirus interruptus, has been determined. The elucidation was mainly based on three digests, with CNBr, trypsin and endoproteinase Glu-C, respectively. Additional evidence was obtained by sequencing of peptides from an endoproteinase Lys-C digest. Subunit c is a polypeptide with 661 amino acid residues and with a carbohydrate group attached to residue 476 in the third domain. No heterogeneity was observed. The degree of identity with subunit a is 59%. Some differences with subunit a are an N-terminal extension of six residues, a one-residue C-terminal extension, and a three-residue deletion. Furthermore, carbohydrate attachment is in a different position, as are most half-cystine residues. Limited trypsinolysis resulted in cleavage at the same site as in subunits a and b.
Light-weight g-C3N4/carbon hybrid cages as conductive and polar hosts to construct core-shell structured S@g-C3N4/carbon spheres with enhanced Li ion-storage performance	To compete with commercial lithium-ion batteries, light-weight, conductive and polar hosts with high sulfur loading content are required for lithium-sulfur batteries. Herein, light-weight g-C3N4/carbon hybrid cages as sulfur host have been designed and fabricated using NaCl and nanosized manganese compounds (MnO and MnCN2) as templates via a facile and controllable aerosol-pyrolysis route. The porous g-C3N4/carbon shell is designed to facilitate fast electron/Li ion transports and impede lithium polysulfide shuttle simultaneously. The cage cavity created by the NaCl template is designed to enhance sulfur loading content. Electrochemical evaluations demonstrate excellent cyclic capacity and stability of core-shell structured S@g-C3N4/carbon cathode endowed by the versatile structural and chemical advantages of the g-C3N4/carbon host cages. The first-cycle discharge capacities reach 1517 and 1240 mAh g(-1) at 0.2 C and 1 C, respectively, demonstrating efficient utilization of the loaded sulfur. The capacity fading rate of each cycle is 0.09% during 400 discharge/charge cycles (from the second cycle) at 1 C. These light-weight, conductive and polar g-C3N4/carbon cages have been demonstrated to be suitable hosts to load sulfur as high-performance cathode for lithium-sulfur batteries. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fabrication of a CuBi2O4/g-C3N4 p-n heterojunction with enhanced visible light photocatalytic efficiency toward tetracycline degradation	As the misuse and overuse of tetracycline (TC) contribute to water pollution, it is imperative to explore an efficient and cost-effective approach for the removal of TC in aqueous solution. Photocatalysis is a green and sustainable chemical technique because of its utilization of solar energy. From the view of practical application, it is significant to design a highly efficient, stable, eco-friendly and economical photocatalyst. In this work, CuBi2O4/g-C3N4 p-n heterojunctions with different CuBi2O4 content (10-90 wt%) were prepared via a facile calcining method. The CuBi2O4/g-C3N4 heterojunctions exhibit superior photocatalytic activity in the degradation of TC, compared with pristine CuBi2O4 and g-C3N4. The optimum photoactivity of 70 wt% CuBi2O4/g-C3N4 is up to 4 and 6 times higher than that of CuBi2O4 and g-C3N4, respectively. The enhanced photocatalytic activity can be attributed to p-n junction photocatalytic systems, which effectively promote charge carrier separation and transfer. It is anticipated that the design of CuBi2O4/g-C3N4 could offer the insight needed to construct inexpensive and highly efficient g-C3N4-based heterojunction photocatalysts, to relieve urgent environmental deterioration.
Implementing Metal-to-Ligand Charge Transfer in Organic Semiconductor for Improved Visible-Near-Infrared Photocatalysis	The coordination of organic semiconductors with metal cations can induce metal-to-ligand charge transfer, which broadens light absorption to cover the visible-near-infrared (vis-NIR) spectrum. As a proof-of-concept demonstration, the g-C3N4-based complex exhibits dramatically enhanced photocatalytic H-2 production with excellent durability under vis-NIR irradiation.
Photoelectrochemistry of immobilised Pt@g-C3N4 mediated by hydrogen and enhanced by a polymer of intrinsic microporosity PIM-1	Graphitic carbon nitride with photo-attached platinum nanoparticles of typically 2.5 nm diameter, Pt@g-C3N4, is known for photo-generation of hydrogen in aqueous environments and in the presence of hole quenchers. Here, the generation of photocurrents from photo-hydrogen production is observed at a platinum electrode, driven by oxalate or glucose hole quenchers, and enhanced with a polymer of intrinsic microporosity PIM-1 coated over the Pt@g-C3N4 deposit. The ability of PIM-1 to create triphasic conditions and to capture hydrogen leads to enhanced photocurrent responses, even in the presence of ambient oxygen. Effects are discussed in terms of triphasic solid vertical bar liquid vertical bar hydrogen gas-based electrode processes. A glucose-concentration-dependent (super-Langmuirian) photo-response is observed. Possible applications are proposed in glucose sensing and in hydrogen-mediated photovoltaics.
Anchoring metal-organic framework nanoparticles on graphitic carbon nitrides for solar-driven photocatalytic hydrogen evolution	The development of low-cost and noble metal-free photocatalytic materials with precisely controlled morphologies and interfaces is vital to achieving highly efficient solar-to-fuel conversion. We herein report the fabrication of novel metal-organic framework (MOF)/g-C3N4 heterostructured materials with well-defined micro-/nanostructures and intimate interfacial contact. Zeolitic imidazolate framework-8 (ZIF-8) nanoparticles are found to be evenly anchored on modified rod-like g-C3N4 materials. The resultant hybrid materials demonstrate the integration of two components and show enhanced light-harvesting property in the visible light region. ZIF-8/g-C3N4 composite materials have been employed as the catalysts for solar-driven photocatalytic hydrogen evolution from water splitting. Under light emitting diode (LED) illumination, ZIF-8/g-C3N4 composite photocatalysts exhibit significant hydrogen-evolving performance in comparison to bulk ZIF-8 material. The enhanced hydrogen production efficiency can be ascribed to synergistic improvements in electron-hole separation, charge transportation and redox capability. This synthetic strategy can be extended to the design and controllable synthesis of a variety of MOF-based composite materials for energy and environmental applications.
Efficient day-night photocatalysis performance of 2D/2D Ti 3 C 2/Porous g-C3N4 nanolayers composite and its application in the degradation of organic pollutants	It is hindered by the limited light time that the development of photocatalysis technology, which is a clean and energy-saving advanced oxidation process. In this work, a 2D/2D Ti3C2/porous g-C3N4 nanolayers composited van der Waals (VDW) heterostructure photocatalyst (Ti3C2/PCN) was prepared by a straightforward vacuum filtration method after an ultrasonic stripping process. In this Ti3C2/PCN composite photocatalyst, PCN nanolayers play the role of absorbing visible light, while Ti3C2 nanolayers form VDW heterojunction with PCN nanolayers, which is beneficial to migration of photo-generated electrons from PCN to Ti3C2. The band structure match of Ti3C2/PCN and the build-in electric field from the VDW heterojunction both favor the effective separation and migration of photo-induced charge carriers that is why the Ti3C2/PCN composite shows good day-photocatalytic capability with 98% phenol removal efficiency. Besides, as a good electronic storage material, the Ti3C2 can store excess photo-generated electrons under light irradiation and release them when exposed to electron acceptors in the dark condition. Therefore, the night-photocatalysis can work out even without sunlight, in which 32% phenol was decomposed. In addition, the universality of Ti3C2/PCN day-night photocatalytic system is proved by the degradation of various organic pollutants. The design of this day-night photocatalyst can facilitate the application of photocatalytic reaction to actual environmental scenes, since it reduces the limitation imposed by the presence or absence of sunlight.
A novel low compressible and superhard carbon nitride: Body-centered tetragonal CN2	A novel body-centered tetragonal CN2 (4 units per cell), named as bct-CN2, has been predicted here using our newly developed particle swarm optimization algorithm for crystal structure prediction. Bct-CN2 is energetically much superior (3.022 eV per f.u.) to previously proposed pyrite structure and stable against decomposition into a mixture of diamond + N-2 or 1/3(C3N4 + N-2) above 45.4 GPa. No imaginary phonon frequencies in the whole Brillouin zone indicate bct-CN2 is dynamically stable. The electronic calculations indicate that bct-CN2 is a wide gap dielectric material with an indirect band gap of 3.6 eV. The ideal tensile, shear, and compressive strength at large strains of bct-CN2 are examined to understand further the microscopic mechanism of the structural deformation. Strikingly, it is found that bct-CN2 has high calculated ideal strength, bulk modulus, shear modulus, and simulated hardness, indicating its very incompressible and superhard nature. The results provide new thoughts for designing and synthesizing novel superhard carbon nitrides, and insights for understanding the mechanical properties.
Nanocomposites of C3N4 with Layers of MoS 2 and Nitrogenated RGO, Obtained by Covalent Cross-Linking: Synthesis, Characterization, and HER Activity	Generation of hydrogen by photochemical, electrochemical, and other means is a vital area of research today, and a variety of materials have been explored as catalysts for this purpose. C3N4, MoS2, and nitrogenated RGO (NRGO) are some of the important catalytic materials investigated for the hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) reaction, but the observed catalytic activities are somewhat marginal. Prompted by preliminary reports that covalent cross-linking of 2D materials to generate heteroassemblies or nanocomposites may have beneficial effect on the catalytic activity, we have synthesized nanocomposites wherein C3N4 is covalently bonded to MoS2 or NRGO nanosheets. The photochemical HER activity of the C3N4-MoS2 nanocomposite is found to be remarkable with an activity of 12778 μmol h-1 g-1 and a turnover frequency of 2.35 h-1. The physical mixture of C3N4 and MoS2, on the other hand, does not exhibit notable catalytic activity. Encouraged by this result, we have studied electrochemical HER activity of these composites as well. C3N4-MoS2 shows superior activity relative to a physical mixture of MoS2 and C3N4. Density functional theory calculations have been carried out to understand the HER activity of the nanocomposites. Charge-transfer between the components and greater planarity of cross-linked layers are important causes of the superior catalytic activity of the nanocomposites. Covalent linking of such 2D materials appears to be a worthwhile strategy for catalysis and other applications.
g-C3N4/WTe2 Hybrid Electrocatalyst for Efficient Hydrogen Evolution Reaction	Recent experiments have highlighted the efficiency of nonprecious metal-based hybrid structures, such as g-C3N4/MoS2 and g-C3N4/graphene for hydrogen evolution reaction (HER). This work focuses on the interface effects of such hybrid heterostructures that could lead to the enhanced catalytic activity of g-C3N4. We have concentrated on the hybrid electrocatalysts with the architecture g-C3N4/X (X = WTe2, MoS2, and graphene), where the interface plays an important role in the overall HER. These promising candidates have been assessed using three main factors extracted from density functional theory calculations, namely: (i) the free energy of hydrogen adsorption on the catalytic site Delta G(H), (ii) Schottky barrier potentials, and (iii) induced charge polarization across the interface. We have found that particularly g-C3N4/WTe2 displays a suitable combination of the investigated properties standing out as a potential electrocatalyst for efficient hydrogen evolution reaction. Furthermore, the electronic structure fingerprints controlling the HER thermodynamics have been investigated. In particular, the N-H bonds have been found to display strong s-p hybridization and, additionally, Delta G(H) decreases as the center of N p-band approaches the Fermi energy. This is also a relevant result in understanding HER mechanisms of organic compounds.
Graphene-like carbon-nitrogen materials as anode materials for Li-ion and mg-ion batteries	Two-dimensional materials have been considered to be promising potential electrodes of metal-ion batteries. Here we explored the application of three graphene-like carbon-nitrogen structures as anode materials in lithium (Li)-ion and magnesium (Mg)-ion Batteries. We first studied the intrinsic characteristic of C2N, C3N, and g-C3N4, explored possible adsorption positions in each structure, studied the diffusion path, energy barrier, voltage profile, and theoretical capacity. Our results show that the theoretical capacities of C2N anode is 671.7 mAhg(-1) for Li-ions and 588.4 mAhg(-1) for Mg-ions, which makes it a promising anode material.C3N is not suitable as anode material. Because of the few absorptions sites, the capacity of g-C3N4 sheet is only 199.5 mAhg(-1) for Li-ions and 319.2 mAhg(-1) for Mg-ions, which makes it unsuitable as anode material but its performance can be much improved when curled into nanotubes. Using Mg-ions instead of Li-ions can reduce the deformation of the material (for C2N) at the maximum concentration or improve the theoretical capacity (for C3N4), lowing the maximum open circuit voltage while improving the diffusion energy barrier.
Evidence that the collagen in the culture medium of Chinese hamster lung cells contains components related at the primary structural level to the alpha1(V) collagen chain	The collagenous protein synthesized by cultured Chinese hamster lung (CHL) cells and present in the culture medium has been isolated after limited pepsin digestion and differential salt precipitation. Molecular size analysis of this material indicates that the CHL cell medium collagen contains chains which exhibit an apparent molecular mass of approximately 85,000 Da. When chromatographed on CM-cellulose under denaturing conditions, the reduced and alkylated CHL cell medium collagen chains elute slightly after the human alpha1(I) chain but well before the pepsin-derived alpha1(V) chain, which is the constituent chain present in the CHL cell cellular matrix collagen. Analysis of the peptides derived by CNBr cleavage of the CHL medium collagen chains by chromatography on CM-cellulose reveals, however, that these chains contain peptides which correspond both in size and in chemical properties to those derived from the alpha1(V) collagen chain, but clearly lack two peptides (alpha1(V)-CB4 and alpha1(V)-CB5) which are normally present in pepsin-derived alpha1(V) chains. Furthermore, analysis of the CHL cell culture medium collagenous material obtained without pepsin digestion indicates the presence of collagenous chains that exhibit after reduction a molecular mass of approximately 160,000 Da, which is smaller than the proposed size of the pro alpha1(V) collagen chain. These results demonstrate that the collagenous protein present in the culture medium of CHL cells is directly related at the primary structural level to the alpha1(V) collagen chain, and it is postulated that this material represents the large fragment derived from a collagenase cleavage of the [pro alpha1(V)]3 molecules present in the cell layer. Furthermore, these results and previous reports indicate that the only identifiable genetic type of procollagen chain synthesized by this cloned cell line in culture corresponds to the pro alpha1(V) chain.
Graphitic Carbon Nitride-Based Composite in Advanced Oxidation Processes for Aqueous Organic Pollutants Removal: A Review	In recent decades, a growing number of organic pollutants released have raised worldwide concern. Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has drawn increasing attention in environmental pollutants removal thanks to its unique electronic band structure and excellent physicochemical stability. This paper reviews the recent progress of g-C3N4-based composites as catalysts in various advanced oxidation processes (AOPs), including chemical, photochemical, and electrochemical AOPs. Strategies for enhancing catalytic performance such as element-doping, nanostructure design, and heterojunction construction are summarized in detail. The catalytic degradation mechanisms are also discussed briefly.
Synthesis and photocatalytic degradation activities of phosphorus containing ZnO microparticles under visible light irradiation for water treatment applications	A series of phosphorus containing ZnO (P-ZnO) photocatalysts with various percentages of phosphorus were successfully synthesized using the hydrothermal method. The structural, physical and optical properties of the obtained microparticles were investigated using diverse techniques such as X-ray diffraction (XRD), Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy, ultraviolet-visible diffusion reflectance spectroscopy (UV-Vis DRS), photoluminescence (PL) spectroscopy, transmission electron microscopy (TEM), energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS) and N-2 adsorption-desorption analysis. The photocatalytic activities of the pure and P-ZnO samples were evaluated for the degradation of Rhodamine B (RhB) under visible light irradiation. The parameters such as pH, catalyst dosage, contaminant concentration and effect of persulfate as an oxidant were studied. It was found that the P-ZnO1.8% photocatalyst could destroy 99% of RhB (5 ppm) in 180 min at pH = 7; furthermore, it degraded -100% of 5 and 10 ppm of the RhB pollutant in 120 and 180 min, respectively, only by adding 0.01 g of persulfate into the reaction solution. To determine the photocatalytic mechanism, 2-propanol, benzoquinone and EDTA were used and it was indicated that hydroxyl radicals, superoxide ions and holes, all had major roles in the photocatalytic degradation but the hydroxyl radical effect was the most significant. The phenol degradation was also investigated using the P-ZnO1.8% optimum photocatalyst which could destroy 53% of the phenol (5 ppm) in 180 min. According to the reusability test, it was proved that after 5 cycles, the catalyst activity was not highly changed and it was potentially capable of pollutant degradation. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
In Situ Growth of Pd Nanosheets on g-C3N4 Nanosheets with Well-Contacted Interface and Enhanced Catalytic Performance for 4-Nitrophenol Reduction	Loading novel metal nanosheets onto nanosheet support can improve their catalytic performance, but the morphological incompatibility makes it difficult to construct a well-contacted interface, which is of particular interest in supported catalysts. Herein, Pd nanosheets (Pd NSs) are supported onto graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets (CNNSs) with intimate face-to-face contact through an in situ growth method. This method overcomes the limitations of the morphological incompatibility and ensures the intimate interfacial contact between Pd NSs and CNNSs. The nitrogen-rich nature of CNNSs endows Pd NSs with abundant anchoring sites, which optimizes the electronic structure and improves the chemical and morphological stability of Pd NSs. The supported Pd NSs demonstrate high dispersion and exhibit largely enhanced activity toward the reduction of 4-nitrophenol. The concentration-normalized rate constant is up to 3052 min(-1) g(-1) L, which is 5.4 times higher than that obtained by unsupported Pd NSs. No obvious deactivation is observed after six runs of the recycling experiments. It is believed that the supported novel metal nanosheets with the intimately contacted interface may show promising applications in catalysis.
Photosensitized H 2 Evolution and NADPH Formation by Photosensitizer/Carbon Nitride Hybrid Nanoparticles	The broadband C3N4 semiconductor absorbs in the UV region, λ = 330-380 nm, a feature limiting its application for light-to-energy conversion. The unique surface adsorption properties of C3N4 allow, however, the binding of a photosensitizer, operating in the visible-solar spectrum to the surface of C3N4. Coupling of the energy levels of the photosensitizer with the energy levels of C3N4 allows effective photoinduced electron-transfer quenching and subsequent charge separation in the hybrid structures. Two methods to adsorb a photosensitizer on the C3N4 nanoparticles are described. One is exemplified by the adsorption of Zn(II)-protoporphyrin IX on C3N4 using π-π interactions. The second method utilizes the specific binding interactions of single-stranded nucleic acids on C3N4 and involves the binding of a Ru(II)-tris-bipyridine-modified nucleic acid on the C3N4 nanoparticles. Effective electron-transfer quenching of the photoexcited photosensitizers by C3N4 proceeds in the two hybrid systems. The two hybrid photosystems induce the effective photosensitized reduction of N,N'-dimethyl-4,4'-bipyridinium, MV2+, to MV+•, in the presence of Na2EDTA as a sacrificial electron donor. The generation of MV+• is ca. 5-fold higher as compared to the formation of MV+• in the presence of the photosensitizer alone (in the absence of C3N4). The effective generation of MV+• in the photosystems is attributed to the efficient quenching of the photosensitizers, followed by effective charge separation of the electrons in the conduction band of C3N4 and the holes in the oxidized photosensitizer. The subsequent transfer of the conduction-band electrons to MV2+ and the oxidation of Na2EDTA by the oxidized photosensitizers lead to the effective formation of MV+•. The photogenerated MV+• by the two hybrid photosystems is used to catalyze H2 evolution in the presence of Pt nanoparticle catalysts and to mediate the reduction of NADP+ to NADPH, in the presence of ferredoxin-NADP+ reductase, FNR. The ability to couple the photogenerated NADPH to drive NADP+-dependent biocatalytic transformations is demonstrated.
Carbon Nitride-Modified Defective TiO2-x@Carbon Spheres for Photocatalytic H-2 Evolution and Pollutants Removal: Synergistic Effect and Mechanism Insight	Inducing TiO2 sensitive to visible light and effectively restraining the possibility of electron-hole recombination are crucial for actual applications over TiO2-based catalysts. In this study, a facile strategy to fabricate three-dimensional (3D) defective TiO2-x@carbon spheres (CSs) composite modified with two-dimensional (2D) graphite-like carbon nitride (g-C3N4) nanosheets (NSs) is presented. During the synthesis process, zero-dimensional tiny TiO2-x nanoparticles were evenly loaded onto CSs with intimate chemically bonded (Ti-O-C) interfaces. Simultaneously, loose g-C3N4 NSs were tightly coated on the hierarchical spherelike TiO2-x@CSs, with the purpose of supporting an effectively protective layer to prevent the oxidation of the directly exposed Ti3+ and constructing highly efficient 2D/3D ternary heterostructures with strong interfacial interaction. The obtained CSs/TiO2-x@g-C3N4 heterojunction showed remarkably enhanced photocatalytic activity in hydrogen production and toxic pollutants degradation compared to the binary composites or pristine components, mainly due to the cooperative effects of the enhanced visible-light-harvesting capacity introduced by Ti3+ and CSs, effective interfacial charge separation (Ti-O-C structure and heterostructure), and the vectorial charge-transfer channel design. This work paves a green, gentle, and economical way to design more efficient TiO2-x new ternary materials with multistep electron transfer toward solar energy conversion (like CO2 reduction and H-2 evolution).
Sonochemical synthesis of Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2) and g-C3N4/Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2) with high photocatalytic activities	Ultrasound can be used for synthesis of nanomaterials and provides an unusual route to preparing materials without bulk high temperatures, high pressures, or long reaction time. In this study, Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2) and g-C3N4/Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2) photocatalysts were synthesized by ultrasound method. The sample were evidently investigated by X-ray diffraction (XRD), Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR), UV-vis diffuse reflectance spectroscopy (DRS), field emission on scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and electrochemical experiments. After modified by g-C3N4, the absorption edge of g-C3N4/Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2) had red shift reaching 450 nm with band gap (E-g) calculated to be 2.76 eV. The g-C3N4/Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2) presented a significantly enhanced photocatalytic performance in degrading methylene blue (MB), which increase to about 5.6 times as pure Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2). In conclusion, heterojunction structure of g-C3N4/Zn3V2O7(OH)(2)(H2O)(2) was formed during the ultrasound process. It is the special structure which increased the separation efficiency of photogenerated electron-hole pairs resulted in the enhancement of photocatalytic performances. This work is of great value for preparation or modification of photocatalysts by sonochemical method. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Photocatalytic performance of Cu3SnS4 (CTS)/reduced graphene oxide (rGO) composite prepared via ball milling and solvothermal approach	A visible light-driven Cu3SnS4/rGO (CTS/rGO) composite photocatalyst was prepared using ball milling (B) and solvothermal (S) method. CTS prepared by both the methods was preferentially oriented along the (1 1 2) plane exhibiting a tetragonal structure. The SEM image indicates an irregular structure and flower-like appearance in the morphology of CTS samples prepared by ball milling and solvothermal process, respectively. The impact on the morphological structure of CTS by incorporating rGO in both the methods of preparation has been analysed. UV-vis-DRS shows that the incorporation of rGO effectively influences the light response performance of the composite material in visible light. The photoluminescence (PL) spectra reveal that the composite photocatalyst can either effectually detach the electron-hole pairs and curtail their recombination or enhance the recombination based on the method of preparation owing to the phase purity of the prepared sample. Degradation of the model pollutant methylene blue (MB) was used to study the photocatalytic activity of the samples. The influence of rGO incorporation on the functioning of CTS as a photocatalyst has been studied. The species trapping experiments depicted the prominent role of h(+) active species in the photocatalytic degradation of MB. The mechanism of photocatalysis in the presence of CTS/rGO has been discussed in detail.
Sol-gel synthesis of well-crystallized C3N4 nanostructures on stainless steel substrates	Well-crystallized stoichiometric C3N4 nanostructures with clear hexagonal morphology and size range of 50-500 nm were synthesized on stainless steel substrates from triethylenetetramine using a low cost and simple sol-gel method.
Visible light induced efficient hydrogen production through semiconductor-conductor-semiconductor (S-C-S) interfaces formed between g-C3N4 and rGO/Fe2O3 core-shell composites	Herein, we have constructed a type II heterojunction, g-C3N4 supported rGO/Fe2O3 core-shell composite, using a sonochemically assisted hydrothermal method followed by a wet-impregnation method for visible light driven hydrogen production via water splitting. Notably, compared to pristine g-C3N4 (432.4 mu mol g(-1) h(-1)) and g-C3N4/rGO (876 mu mol g(-1) h(-1)), we have achieved similar to 15 and 7.5 fold enhanced photocatalytic H-2 production rates with g-C3N4/rGO/Fe2O3 (6607 mu mol g(-1) h(-1)) composites. The improved photocatalytic H-2 production performance was mainly attributed to the formation of type II heterojunctions between g-C3N4 and Fe2O3 mediated through rGO by forming Fe-O-C and C-N-C bonds as confirmed by XPS analysis. Moreover, the photo-generated carriers are rapidly separated through the electron mediator rGO via the Z-scheme mechanism as is consistent with PL, EIS and photocurrent studies.
Three-dimensional network structure assembled by g-C3N4 nanorods for improving visible-light photocatalytic performance	Bulk g-C3N4 has suffered from its low specific surface area and high recombination of photogenerated electron-hole pairs. Herein, three-dimensional network structure g-C3N4 assembled by nanorods (3D g-C3N4 NR) was successfully fabricated via a chemical tailoring route. The as-prepared 3D g-C3N4 NR exhibits lager specific surface areas (6.7 times of bulk g-C3N4) and faster charge carrier transfer kinetics. Hence, the visible-light photocatalytic activities for degradation of phenol and hydrogen evolution over 3D g-C3N4 NR are evidently enhanced, 4.3 and 5.9 times as high as that of bulk g-C3N4, respectively. Briefly, this work throws light on structural tuning of carbon nitride polymer photocatalysts for improved solar energy capture and conversion.
Built-in electric field induced CeO2/Ti3C2-MXene Schottky-junction for coupled photocatalytic tetracycline degradation and CO2 reduction	Ti3C2-MXene, which exhibits excellent electronic conductivity and optical properties, has been identified as a promising noble-metal-free co-catalyst for the development of efficient photocatalysts for environmental remediation. Herein, CeO2/Ti3C2-MXene hybrids were prepared by the in-situ growth of cube-like CeO2 using ultrathin Ti3C2-MXene nanosheets as a two-dimensional platform via a simple hydrothermal route. Upon exposure to solar light, the CeO2/Ti3C2-MXene hybrid with the optimal ratio of Ti3C2-MXene exhibited enhanced performance in photocatalytic tetracycline degradation and CO2 reduction, with activities 6.3 and 1.5 time greater than those of pristine CeO2, respectively. The improved activity of CeO2/Ti3C2-MXene was attributed to the Schottky junction induced by the built-in electric field between CeO2 and Ti3C2-MXene, which drives that photogenerated electrons from CeO2 to Ti3C2-MXene and expedites the segregation of the electrons and holes. This work may shed light on the careful design of novel Schottky junctions utilizing noble-metal free Ti3C2 MXene as co-catalysts for building efficient photocatalytic systems enacted in pollutant degradation and energy conversion.
Synthesis of g-C3N4 Nanosheets by Using a Highly Condensed Lamellar Crystalline Melamine-Cyanuric Acid Supramolecular Complex for Enhanced Solar Hydrogen Generation	A highly condensed lamellar melamine-cyanuric acid supramolecular (MCS) complex was synthesized in an autoclave at high pressure as a precursor for preparing g-C3N4 nanosheets. Given the distinctive properties of the prepared MCS complex, an efficient g-C3N4 nanosheet photocatalyst can be obtained by heat treatment of this MCS complex under Ar followed by calcination in air at 400 degrees C. The resulting nanosheets with in-plane nanoholes showed an extremely high specific surface area (approximate to 270 m(2) g(-1)) and significantly enhanced light absorption in the visible region. This phenomenon is observed for the first time in carbon nitride nanosheets. The enhanced light absorption results from the sizeable conjugated system of tri-striazine units in the carbon nitride framework, coupled with the structural defects arising from the presence of oxygen-containing groups induced during the synthesis. Consequently, the obtained carbon nitride nanosheets exhibited excellent performance for hydrogen generation under sunlight and especially under visible light. Its quantum efficiency (QE) of 20.9 % at 420 nm is one of the highest reported values for carbon nitride materials. A QE of 3.5 % could be observed even at 590 nm. The integrated QE of this material in the visible region (420-600 nm) is approximately 1 %. To the best of our knowledge this is the highest value compared to all other the carbon nitride nanosheet materials reported previously.
Pd supported on g-C3N4 nanosheets: Mott-Schottky heterojunction catalyst for transfer hydrogenation of nitroarenes using formic acid as hydrogen source	Well-dispersed Pd nanoparticles were anchored on g-C3N4 nanosheets, which were prepared by a liquid-phase exfoliation method. The hybrid material displayed excellent catalytic activity for the transfer hydrogenation of nitroarenes. The reactions can be conducted smoothly in water at room temperature with formic acid as hydrogen source. Aniline was produced in excellent yield (>99%; turnover frequency: 853), surpassing the majority of reported heterogeneous catalysts using formic acid or formates as hydrogen source. The increased activity of such a hybrid catalyst can be ascribed to the nitrogen-rich and amphipathic property of the carbon nitride support, the stable and uniform dispersed Pd nanoparticles and the Mott-Schottky effect between the g-C3N4 nanosheets and the metal nanoparticles. The heterogeneous Mott-Schottky catalyst can be reused for five cycles without any obvious loss of its catalytic activity.
Shock-compression of C-N precursors for possible synthesis of beta-C3N4	We report on the possible synthesis of the theoretically predicted P-phase of carbon nitride (C3N4) by shock compression of sodium dicyanamide mixed with sodium azide and carbon tetra-iodide. Shock-compression experiments were performed on starting precursor blended with similar to 95 wt.% Cu powder, statically pressed in steel capsules. The capsules were impacted under conditions of constant shock amplitude, but varying shock-pulse duration. TEM analysis of the recovered shock compressed residue showed crystallites of a cubic C-N compound dispersed in an amorphous matrix, with overall yield of the crystalline phase being a function of the shock-pulse duration. Parallel-detection electron energy loss spectroscopy of the nitrogen-containing crystallites revealed diamond-like sp(3) bonding. Infra-red spectroscopy indicated absorption lines in regions calculated to be appropriate for beta -C3N4. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dual-Function HKUST-1: Templating and Catalyzing Formation of Graphitic Carbon Nitride Quantum Dots Under Mild Conditions	Graphitic carbon nitride quantum dots (g-CNQDs) are highly promising photoresponsive materials. However, synthesis of monodispersed g-CNQDs remains challenging. Here we report the dual function of MOF [Cu3 BTC2 ] (HKUST-1) as a catalyst and template simultaneously to prepare g-CNQDs under mild conditions. Cyanamide (CA), a graphitic carbon nitride precursor, catalytically dimerized inside the larger MOF cavities at 90 °C and condensed into g-CNQDs at 120 °C in a controlled fashion. The HKUST-1 template was stable under the reaction conditions, leading to uniform g-CNQDs with a particle size of 2.22±0.68 nm. The as prepared g-CNQDs showed photoluminescence emission with a quantum yield of 3.1 %. This concept (MOF dual functionality) for catalyzing CA polycondensation (open metal sites (OMSs) effect) and controlling the produced particle size (pore-templating effect), together with the tunable MOF porosity, is expected to produce unique g-CNQDs with controllable size, morphology, and surface functionality.
Efficient synergy of photocatalysis and adsorption of hexavalent chromium and rhodamine B over Al4SiC4/rGO hybrid photocatalyst under visible-light irradiation	A novel visible-light-driven Al4SiC4/rGO hybrid photocatalyst was fabricated using carbothermic reduction and hydrothermal methods. The as-prepared samples were characterized using various techniques and different factors during the photocatalytic reaction were well optimized. Compared with the commonly used photocatalysts, e.g. TiO2 (P25), g-C3N4, etc. the Al4SiC4/rGO hybrid not only exhibits super photocatalytic activity in the mixed system containing Cr(VI) and rhodamine B (RhB) but also can degrade different kinds of dyes selectively by modifying surface charge. For the degradation mechanism, there are two stages. The first is the high adsorption capacity owing to surface positive charge on Al4SiC4. The second is the active species including photo-electron (e(-)) and photo-hole (h(+)), which can promote the photocatalytic removal of Cr(VI) and RhB, respectively. In addition, rGO can improve the whole photocatalytic performance via rapid separation and transportation of photoinduced carriers. Furthermore, the cyclic and long-term experiments indicate great reusability and stability of the Al4SiC4/rGO hybrid.
Synthesis of environmentally encouraged, highly robust pollutants reduction 3-D system consisting of Ag/g-C3N4 and Cu-complex to degrade refractory pollutants	3-D composite materials containing nanorods of copper-biphenylamines framework at the exterior of Ag doped g-C3N4, to reduce colorless/refractory and colored organic contaminants, with prominent improvement in catalytic action was witnessed for 3-ID composite 5% Ag/g-C3N4/Cu(BA), in contrast to original g-C3N4. The improved samples forced electrons colonizing in upper CB and holes colonizing in lower VB, hence improving redox reaction supremacy of the charge carriers. 5% Ag/g-C3N4/Cu(BA) can easily degrade 100% to 99.5% of MO & RhB solutions in 60 min and 73% of phenol and 57% of TCP were degraded. Whereas the degradation efficacies of 5% Ag/g-C3N4/Cu(BN), 5% Ag/g-C3N4/Cu(PD), 5% Ag/g-C3N4 and g-C3N4 are inferior related to 5% Ag/g-C3N4/Cu(BA). The resilient dynamic reactive species (O-2(-), h(+), O-1(2), OH), directly caused mineralization of MO, RhB, phenol and TCP. The k(app) for 5% Ag/g-C3N4/Cu(BA) also showed superiority over other modified samples. The above results are advantageous for the expansion of a modified catalyst in a wholesale amount and its use. TEM, SEM, EDS elemental mapping, XRD, UV-vis, XPS, and VBXPS studies confirmed that Cu(BA) and 5% Ag/g-C3N4 display close communication with each other. This investigation delivers an innovative approach for extremely worthwhile composite photocatalyst enterprises for environmental remediation.
Graphitic Carbon Nitride: A Highly Electroactive Nanomaterial for Environmental and Clinical Sensing	Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) is a two-dimensional conjugated polymer that has attracted the interest of researchers and industrial communities owing to its outstanding analytical merits such as low-cost synthesis, high stability, unique electronic properties, catalytic ability, high quantum yield, nontoxicity, metal-free, low bandgap energy, and electron-rich properties. Notably, graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) is the most stable allotrope of carbon nitrides. It has been explored in various analytical fields due to its excellent biocompatibility properties, including ease of surface functionalization and hydrogen-bonding. Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) acts as a nanomediator and serves as an immobilization layer to detect various biomolecules. Numerous reports have been presented in the literature on applying graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) for the construction of electrochemical sensors and biosensors. Different electrochemical techniques such as cyclic voltammetry, electrochemiluminescence, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, square wave anodic stripping voltammetry, and amperometry techniques have been extensively used for the detection of biologic molecules and heavy metals, with high sensitivity and good selectivity. For this reason, the leading drive of this review is to stress the importance of employing graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) for the fabrication of electrochemical sensors and biosensors.
A sensitive electrogenerated chemiluminescence biosensor for galactosyltransferase activity analysis based on a graphitic carbon nitride nanosheet interface and polystyrene microsphere-enhanced responses	In this manuscript, a sandwich electrogenerated chemiluminescence (ECL) biosensor for galactosyltransferase (Gal T) activity analysis based on a graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) nanosheet interface and polystyrene microsphere-enhanced responses is described. The carboxylated g-C3N4 nanosheet was firstly coated on the GC electrode surface, and then the bovine serum albumin conjugated with N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc-BSA) was further modified on the g-C3N4 modified GC electrode. In the presence of Gal T and UDP-Gal as a coreactor, galactose was conjugated to GlcNAc-BSA, and the ECL signal of the GlcNAc-BSA conjugated g-C3N4 nanosheet modified electrode decreased. After the adsorption of Artocarpus integrifolia lectin (AIA) conjugated polystyrene microsphere (PSM) nanoprobes through the specific interaction between galactose and AIA, the ECL signal decreased significantly due to the poor conductivity of the nanoprobes, which inhibited the electron transfer on the electrode interface, leading to high sensitivity toward Gal T activity analysis. The detection limit of 7 x 10(-5) U mL(-1) was obtained. The proposed ECL sensor has been applied to Gal T activity analysis in serum samples as well as Gal T activity expression in different cell lines, and may be a novel tool to for glycosyltransferase activity evaluation and inhibition in clinic diagnostics. This strategy can also be extended to detect and monitor other glycosyltransferases.
Poly(triazine imide) with Intercalation of Lithium and Chloride Ions [(C3N3)(2)(NHxLi1-x)(3)center dot LiCl]: A Crystalline 2D Carbon Nitride Network	Poly(triazine imide) with intercalation of lithium and chloride ions (PTI/Li+Cl-) was synthesized by temperature-induced condensation of dicyandiamide in a eutectic mixture of lithium chloride and potassium chloride as solvent. By using this ionothermal approach the well-known problem of insufficient crystallinity of carbon nitride (CN) condensation products could be overcome. The structural characterization of PTI/Li+Cl- resulted from a complementary approach using spectroscopic methods as well as different diffraction techniques. Due to the high crystallinity of PTI/Li+Cl- a structure solution from both powder X-ray and electron diffraction patterns using direct methods was possible; this yielded a triazine-based structure model, in contrast to the proposed fully condensed heptazine-based structure that has been reported recently. Further information from solid-state NMR and FTIR spectroscopy as well as high-resolution TEM investigations was used for Rietveld refinement with a goodness-of-fit (chi(2)) of 5.035 and wRp=0.05937. PTI/Li+Cl- (P6(3)cm (no. 185); a=846.82(10), c=675.02(9) pm) is a 2D network composed of essentially planar layers made up from imide-bridged triazine units. Voids in these layers are stacked upon each other forming channels running parallel to [ 001], filled with Li+ and Cl- ions. The presence of salt ions in the nanocrystallites as well as the existence of sp(2)-hybridized carbon and nitrogen atoms typical of graphitic structures was confirmed by electron energy-loss spectroscopy (EELS) measurements. Solid-state NMR spectroscopy investigations using N-15-labeled PTI/Li+Cl- proved the absence of heptazine building blocks and NH2 groups and corroborated the highly condensed, triazine-based structure model.
Fourier transform infrared and Raman spectroscopy studies on alpha- and beta-C3N4 films	Crystalline carbon nitride films have been synthesized on Si(100) substrates dy the microwave plasma chemical vapour deposition technique. In order to understand their structure. Raman and Fourier transform infrared spectra of alpha- and beta -C3N4 were calculated using a scale factor and the observed Raman and infrared spectra of alpha- and beta -Si3N4 A scale factor (1.47) For the stretching frequencies From the tetrahedral C-N to Si-N bonds was calculated through Hooks's law. Experimental Raman and infrared spectra conform to the calculated results: so we conclude that the film contain alpha -C3N4 and beta -CN4.
Photoelectrochemical biosensor for protein kinase A detection based on carbon microspheres, peptide functionalized Au-ZIF-8 and TiO2/g-C3N4	In this work, a novel and sensitive photoelectrochemical (PEC) strategy was designed for protein kinase A (PICA) detection, comprising carbon microsphere (CMS) modified ITO electrode, TiO2 as the phosphate group recognition material and graphite-carbon nitride (g-C3N4) as photoactive material. For the first time, gold nanoparticle decorated zeolitic imidazolate frameworks (Au-ZIF-8) was employed to fabricate biosensor for PICA activity assay with the function of substrate peptide immobilization and signal amplification. Firstly, substrate peptides were assembled on the Au-ZIF-8/CMS/ITO surface through the covalent bonding between the gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) and sulfydryl groups of the peptides. Then, in the presence of ATP, phosphorylation of the substrate peptide was achieved under PICA catalysis. Finally, TiO2-g-C3N4 composites were further modified on the electrode surface based on bonding between TiO2 and phosphate groups created via phosphorylation of the peptide (yielding TiO2-g-C3N4/P-peptide/Au-ZIF-8/CMS/ITO), which is different with our previous work by directly immobilizing g-C3N4 composite on electrode surface. The developed method showed a wide linear range from 0.05-50 U mL(-1). The detection limit was 0.02 U mL(-1) (S/N = 3). The constructed biosensor exhibited high detection specificity for PKA. In addition, the wide applicability of this biosensor was demonstrated by evaluating the inhibition ability of ellagic acid towards PKA.
Electrical Properties of Graphite Like C_3N_4 under High Pressure	
Fabrication of Ag/AgI/WO3 heterojunction anchored P and S co-doped graphitic carbon nitride as a dual Z scheme photocatalyst for efficient dye degradation	
Nitrogen ion implantation into the amorphous C-N films prepared with ion beam assisted deposition	In order to further increase the nitrogen content of the amorphous C-N films prepared with ion beam assisted deposition (IBAD), nitrogen ion implantation at 50 keV has been performed with the films. The films were characterized by Auger electron spectroscopy (AES), Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RES), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). Both AES and RES results show that the N concentration of the implanted films can be increased up to a saturated value of about 43 at.%. Although this saturated value is still lower than the stoichiometric N concentration of beta-C3N4, TEM observation indicates that crystalline beta-C3N4 with a dimension of about 30 nm has been grown at a dose of 10(18) ions cm(-2). It is also demonstrated by XPS that nitrogen ion implantation can result in more sp(3) bonding character in the C-N films.
g-C3N4/TiO2 composite catalysts for the photo-oxidation of toluene: Chemical and charge handling effects	The interaction between carbon nitride and titania in g-C3N4/TiO2 materials is analyzed from a new perspective. The composite materials are prepared using a well crystallized anatase substrate over which carbon nitride (0.5-4 wt%, promoted or not with Mn) is deposited. The catalysts are characterized using a multitechnique approach. In addition, a kinetic formalism using a rigorous intrinsic expression of light was developed in order to reveal information concerning the chemical and charge carrier effects occurring in the materials. Together with the measurement of the adsorption of the main organic molecules involved in the reaction showed that toluene photo-oxidation follows a hydroxyl-mediated mechanism. Moreover, the work shows that the rate of available hydroxyl radicals at the surface of the solids controls activity in the g-C3N4/TiO2 catalysts. The contact between components also affects the hydroxyl radical interaction with the reactant and intermediate molecules of the photo-oxidation, modulating the selectivity.
A template-free synthesis of porous 3D honeycomb-like carbons for supercapacitor electrodes	Highly porous 3D honeycomb-like carbons were synthesized by a template-free method. Herein, the low-cost coal tar pitch is used as a carbon source. NH4Cl is employed as a blowing agent to form 3D honeycomb-like carbons, and followed by KOH chemical activation to form porous structure. The as-prepared porous 3D honeycomb-like carbons possess a large specific surface area of 2881.7m(2)g(-1) with a total pore volume of 2.18cm(3)g(-1). The unique structure allows for exhibiting a high specific capacitance of 324Fg(-1) at a current density of 0.1Ag(-1) in the three-electrode system. Moreover, the assembled symmetric supercapacitors exhibit an energy density of 9.72Whkg(-1) at a power density of 250Wkg(-1) and 6.43Whkg(-1) at a power density of 5000Wkg(-1), and excellent cycle performance of 92.2% retention over 5000 cycles at 1Ag(-1).
A self-assembled 2D/2D-type protonated carbon nitride-modified graphene oxide nanocomposite with improved photocatalytic activity	A surface charge modified g-C3N4 was successfully prepared by protonation of nitric acid. Combination of the protonated g-C3N4 (pCN) and graphene oxide (GO) layers created a 2D/2D-type composite (pCN/GO) under the synergistic effect of sonication-exfoliation and self-assembly. The obtained 2D nano-structure of pCN/GO was explored by electron microscopy analysis. The photocatalytic degradation of rhodamine B (RhB) and ciprofloxacin (CIP) showed a distinctly high efficiency of pCN/GO-5% with excellent stability, which is superior not only to that of g-C3N4, pCN and g-C3N4/GO-5% nanocomposites we prepared, but also to what was reported previously. The optimized combination of GO and pCN afforded the pCN/GO composite intimate interfacial contact within the heterojunction, which promoted the separation of photogenerated electron-hole pairs as evidenced by zeta potential, photoluminescence and photocurrent measurements. A visible-light photocatalytic degradation mechanism associated with pCN/GO nanocomposites was also proposed. (c) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Phosphine-free avenue to Co2P nanoparticle encapsulated N,P co-doped CNTs: a novel non-enzymatic glucose sensor and an efficient electrocatalyst for oxygen evolution reaction	A novel one-step, one-pot strategy to synthesize Co2P encapsulated N, P dual doped carbon nanotubes (Co2P/NPCNTs) is developed via a g-C3N4 intermediated approach. The method uses readily available, inexpensive precursors without involving toxic phosphine gas (PH3) during the phosphidation process. Moreover, the CNTs are synthesized and doped in situ without the aid of any external carbon additives. The morphology and structure were characterized by field-emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD), Raman spectroscopy and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). The as-prepared Co2P/NPCNTs were then for the first time demonstrated to be an electrochemical sensor for the enzymeless detection of glucose. The Co2P/NPCNTmodified electrode exhibits a quick response and good linearity (R-2 = 0.997) up to 7 mM with a high sensitivity and a low detection limit (LOD) of 338.8 mu A mM -1 cm-2 and 0.88 M, respectively, towards glucose, selectively in the presence of various endogenous interfering agents such as D-sucrose, D-mannose, L-cysteine, urea etc. with a good long-term stability. When applied as an electrocatalyst for the oxygen evolution reaction (OER), Co2P/ NPCNT delivers a current density of 10 mA cm(-2) at an overpotential of 370 mV with a Tafel slope of only 53 mV dec(-1), outperforming even the state-of-the-art RuO2 while maintaining excellent long-term durability.
Dissolution and liquid crystals phase of 2D polymeric carbon nitride	Graphite-phase polymeric carbon nitride (GPPCN) has emerged as a promising metal-free material toward optoelectronics and (photo)catalysis. However, the insolubility of GPPCN remains one of the biggest impediments toward its potential applications. Herein, we report that GPPCN could be dissolved in concentrated sulfuric acid, the first feasible solvent so far, due to the synergistic protonation and intercalation. The concentration was up to 300 mg/mL, thousands of time higher than previous reported dispersions. As a result, the first successful liquid-state NMR spectra of GPPCN were obtained, which provides a more feasible method to reveal the finer structure of GPPCN. Moreover, at high concentration, a liquid crystal phase for the carbon nitride family was first observed. The successful dissolution of GPPCN and the formation of highly anisotropic mesophases would greatly pave the potential applications such as GPPCN-based nanocomposites or assembly of marcroscopic, ordered materials.
Identification of a large interrupted helical domain of disulfide-bonded cartilage collagen	In order to characterize a larger form of disulfide-bonded cartilage collagen, explants of 17-day embryonic chick sterna were cultured in the presence of [3H] proline. Radioactive collagen chains and fragments that were synthesized and secreted into the culture medium were analyzed by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and fluorography. After limited pepsin digestion of the medium, two discrete disulfide-bonded collagen fragments were detected with Mr = 210,000 and 153,000. These fragments contained 28 and 17.5%, respectively, of the radioactivity in the alpha 1(II)-chains. The smaller fragment (called M) produced three components upon reduction (Mr = 104,000, 51,000, and 31,000) and seemed to represent the previously reported collagens, HMW and M1. The larger fragment (called N) has not been previously described and gave rise to three components upon reduction (Mr = 140,000, 69,000, and 49,000). Prolonged pepsin treatment resulted in the gradual decrease of N with a corresponding increase of M, suggesting the conversion of N to M. CNBr peptide mapping demonstrated that all M-derived peptides were present in N and that N contained extra peptides that account for its larger size. These observations suggest that N represents a larger more intact form of cartilage-derived disulfide-bonded collagen.
Covalently Linked Heterostructures of Phosphorene with MoS 2/MoSe 2 and Their Remarkable Hydrogen Evolution Reaction Activity	Hydrogen production by photochemical and electrochemical means is an important area of research related to renewable energy. 2D nanomaterials such as C3N4 and MoS2 have proven to be active for the hydrogen evolution reaction (HER). Phosphorene, a mono-elemental 2D layer of phosphorus, is known to catalyze the HER, but the activity is marginal. The use of phosphorene is also limited by its ambient instability. We have been able to prepare covalently cross-linked nanocomposites of phosphorene with MoS2 as well as MoSe2. The phosphorene-MoS2 nanocomposite shows excellent photochemical HER activity yielding 26.8 mmol h-1 g-1 of H2, while only a negligible amount is produced by the physical mixture of phosphorene and MoS2. The phosphorene-MoS2 composite also displays high electrochemical HER activity with an onset overpotential of 110 mV, close to that of Pt. The enhanced HER activity of the phosphorene-MoS2 nanocomposite can be attributed to the ordered cross-linking of the 2D sheets, increasing the interfacial area as well as the charge-transfer interaction between phosphorene and MoS2 layers. The phosphorene-MoSe2 nanocomposite also exhibits good photochemical HER activity.
Synthesis and characterization of sulfur self-doped g-C3N4 with efficient visible-light photocatalytic activity	In this study, we reported on our successful attempt to synthesize sulfur self-doped g-C3N4 by directly heating thiourea in air. The effects of treating temperature on the structural, optical and photocatalytic properties of the samples were investigated. The results demonstrated that S atoms have been incorporated into the g-C3N4 and may preferentially occupy N sites. The S-doped g-C3N4 sample prepared at 550 degrees C presented a highest photocatalytic activity in the degradation of methyl blue under visible-light irradiation. The special two-dimensional layered structure and appropriate S-doping could be responsible for the superior visible-light photocatalytic performance. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
In-situ fabrication of 0D/2D NiO/Bi12O17Cl2 heterojunction towards high-efficiency degrading 2, 4-dichiorophenol and mechanism insight	2, 4-dichlorophenol (2, 4-DCP) as a persistent pollutant is frequently detected in water environments, complete eradication of trace which in water is an important task. Hence, a 0D/2D NiO/Bi12O17Cl2 heterojunction was achieved by in-situ fabrication of NiO nanodots on Bi12O17Cl2 nanosheets, which obviously improved the physical, optical and photoelectrochemical properties. The photocatalytic degradation activity of 0D/2D NiO/Bi12O17Cl2 heterojunction was boosted dramatically, which originated from the improved transfer and separation efficiency of charge carriers owing to the formation of Z-scheme heterostructure between NiO and Bi12O17Cl2. The possible photocatalytic reaction mechanism including migration behaviors of charge carriers, generation of reactive species and degradation intermediate products were revealed in depth. This work provides the valuable experiences for designing and fabricating otherwise 0D/2D heterojunction photocatalysts in the application of environmental treating fields.
A novel "off-on" electrochemiluminescence sensor based on highly efficient resonance energy transfer in C-g-C3N4/CuO nanocomposite	A signal "off-on" electrochemiluminescence resonance energy transfer (ECL-RET) sensor based on carboxylated graphene-like carbon nitride (C-g-C3N4) as donor and CuO nanoneedles as acceptor has been constructed. The distance between donor and acceptor is a critical factor for ECL-RET sensors. Herein, we used a new method to make CuO nanoneedles grow in situ on C-g-C3N4 to form a nanocomposite, largely reducing the distance between donor and acceptor and greatly improving ECL-RET efficiency. In this system, because the CuO could be reduced by dopamine (DA), the ECL emission was significantly enhanced. Hence, a sensitive ECL sensor was successfully fabricated for quantitative detection of DA in dopamine hydrochloride injection and human serum sample. Further, the ECL-RET sensor exhibited a wide linear range from 10 nM to 1 mM, as well as a low detection limit of 8.2 nM. With its excellent stability and selectivity, the novel strategy will enable numerous applications in biological systems.
Nonspecific adsorption and covalent coupling of heparin on polyacrylate based microbeads	Polyacrylate based microbeads were prepared by copolymerization of four different acrylate monomers, namely 2-hydroxyethylmethacrylate (HEMA), ethyleneglycoldimethacrylate (EGDMA), methylmethacrylate (MMA) and dimethylaminoethylmethacrylate (DMEAMA). These beads were further activated with CNBr at alkaline pH. The extend of nonspecific adsorption and covalent coupling of heparin on these beads were investigated in a batch reactors at different temperatures. The effects of initial concentrations of activation agent and heparin were also studied. Nonspecific heparin adsorption on the microbeads containing DMAEMA was significantly higher than the others. Nonspecific adsorption decreased with increasing temperature. Heparin was covalently coupled on CNBr activated microbeads. The amount of coupled heparin increased by increasing concentration of CNBr.
Synthesis of ordered porous graphitic-C3N4 and regularly arranged Ta3N5 nanoparticles by using self-assembled silica nanospheres as a primary template	Uniform-sized silica nanospheres (SNSs) assembled into close-packed structures were used as a primary template for ordered porous graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4), which was subsequently used as a hard template to generate regularly arranged Ta(3)N(5) nanoparticles of well-controlled size. Inverse opal g-C3N4 structures with the uniform pore size of 20-80 nm were synthesized by polymerization of cyanamide and subsequent dissolution of the SNSs with an aqueous HF solution. Back-filling of the C3N4 pores with tantalum precursors, followed by nitridation in an NH(3) flow gave regularly arranged, crystalline Ta(3)N(5) nanoparticles that are connected with each other. The surface areas of the Ta(3)N(5) samples were as high as 60 m(2) g(-1), and their particle size was tunable from 20 to 80 nm, which reflects the pore size of g-C3N4. Polycrystalline hollow nanoparticles of Ta(3)N(5) were also obtained by infiltration of a reduced amount of the tantalum source into the g-C3N4 template. An improved photocatalytic activity for H(2) evolution on the assembly of the Ta(3)N(5) nanoparticles under visible-light irradiation was attained as compared with that on a conventional Ta(3)N(5) bulk material with low surface area.
Isolation of rat transferrin using CNBr-activated sepharose 4B	1. The isolation of transferrin from rat serum by means of affinity chromatography on CNBr-activated Sepharose 4 B is described. -2. Subfractionation by isoelectric focusing yielded two transferrin fractions with identical biological behaviour but with small differences in isoelectric point (6.0 and 5.8) and sialic acid contents.
Characterization of the glycosylation sites in yeast external invertase. I. N-linked oligosaccharide content of the individual sequons	External invertase is the product of the SUC2 gene of Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The deduced sequence of this enzyme (Taussig, R., and Carlson, M. (1983) Nucleic Acid Res. 11, 1943-1954) reveals it to contain 14 potential N-linked glycosylation sites, or sequons, although only 9-10 appear to be glycosylated (Trimble, R. B., and Maley, F. (1977) J. Biol. Chem. 252, 4409-4412). To determine the location of the glycosylated sequons, external invertase was deglycosylated with endo-beta-acetylglucosaminidase H and its component peptides analyzed by both fast atom bombardment mass spectrometry (FABMS) and classical peptide isolation procedures. By use of the former technique most of the glucosamine-containing sequons could be located and by the latter sufficient amounts of small glucosamine-containing peptides were isolated to enable their quantitation. From the combined FABMS and glucosamine analyses, it was established that eight of the sequons in a subunit of invertase are either completely or almost completely glycosylated, while five others are glycosylated to the extent of about 50% or less. In the case of two overlapping sequons (4 and 5), which include Asn92-Asn93-Thr-Ser, only the first Asn was glycosylated. Thus, all but one of the sequons of external invertase are glycosylated to some extent, giving an appearance of only 9-10 N-linked oligosaccharides/subunit. The sequence identity of both external and internal invertase was verified by FABMS and by peptide sequence analysis. In only one site was an amino acid found to differ from that deduced from the DNA sequence of the SUC2 gene. This occurred at position 390 where a proline was found in place of alanine, which could result from a single base change in the triplet specifying the latter amino acid.
Use of immunoglobulin coupled to agarose beads for examining the specificity of conjugates	Preparations of purified immunoglobulins, light chains, and unrelated proteins (used as controls) were covalently linked to agarose beads and used to study the specificity of fluorescein isothiocyanate conjugates. The data demonstrate how these beads can be used to detect immunological and non-immunological reactivity in conjugates. Commercial conjugates, conjugates prepared in this laboratory, and fluorescein-labeled normal immunoglobulins demonstrated high reactivity with control beads unless chromatographed on diethylaminoethyl-cellulose to select for the proper fluorescein-protein ratio. Undesirable immunological reactivity could be demonstrated in commercial conjugates and was shown to be due to anti-light-chain antibody.
The flux growth of single-crystalline CoTiO 3 polyhedral particles and improved visible-light photocatalytic activity of heterostructured CoTiO 3/g-C3N4 composites	Highly crystalline and idiomorphic CoTiO3 single crystals with a well-defined polyhedral morphology were grown successfully for the first time by a facile flux method. Herein, the effects of the molten salt type and cobalt precursor on the phase composition, crystallization habit and morphology of the CoTiO3 products were also investigated. Importantly, using the flux-grown CoTiO3 crystal as the visible-light sensitizer due to its narrow band gap to couple with graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) by a direct in situ thermal induced polycondensation route, novel CoTiO3/g-C3N4 composite photocatalysts were obtained. The as-synthesized samples were systematically characterized by XRD, EDS, SEM, TEM, SAED, HRTEM, FT-IR, XPS, DRS and PL techniques. The results revealed that CoTiO3 polyhedral crystals were closely combined with g-C3N4 nanosheets leading to the formation of a heterojunction structure at the interface between CoTiO3 and g-C3N4. Photocatalytic evaluation showed that the heterostructured CoTiO3/g-C3N4 composite exhibited much higher photocatalytic activity for the degradation of methyl orange under visible light irradiation than that of individual CoTiO3 and g-C3N4, which could be mainly ascribed to the synergistic effect between CoTiO3 and g-C3N4, including the enhanced visible-light harvesting ability and more efficient separation and longer lifetime of photogenerated charge carriers. Furthermore, the composite photocatalyst showed an excellent stability and reusability during four successive cycles. Finally, a possible mechanism responsible for the charge separation and improved photocatalytic activity was proposed.
Identification and localization of a cysteinyl residue critical for the trypsin-like catalytic activity of the proteasome	Chemical modification of the proteasome with N-ethylmaleimide (NEM) was performed for the purpose of identifying amino acid residues that play a role in the enzyme's proteolytic function. Modification of the proteasome with NEM specifically and irreversibly suppressed one of the three peptidase activities of the enzyme, viz., the "trypsin-like" activity. Leupeptin, a reversible competitive inhibitor of this activity, protected the activity from NEM inactivation, suggesting that NEM modifies a residue in the leupeptin binding site. Comparisons of enzyme samples labeled with [14C]NEM either in the presence or in the absence of leupeptin allowed the identification of a proteasome subunit containing an NEM-modified, leupeptin-protected cysteinyl residue. The leupeptin protection experiments suggest that residues of this subunit contribute to the active site responsible for the proteasome's trypsin-like activity. This subunit was purified by reverse-phase high-performance liquid chromatography. Peptide mapping and N-terminal amino acid sequencing were employed to acquire information about the primary structure of the subunit, including the sequence surrounding the leupeptin-protected cysteinyl residue. The sequencing data suggest that this proteasome subunit is evolutionarily related to other proteasome subunits that have been sequenced, which show no homology to other known proteases. The assignment of a catalytic function to a member of the proteasome family supports the hypothesis that proteasome subunits represent a structurally and possibly mechanistically novel group of proteases.
Constructing isotype CN/s-CN heterojunction with enhanced photocatalytic performance	Synthesis of highly efficient isotype carbon nitride/carbon nitride (CN/CN) heterojunction, is a hot topic in the photocatalysis field. In this study, isotype CN/s-doped CN heterojunction is facile constructed with mixed precursor (melamine and trithiocyanuric acid). The structures and properties of CN/s-CN samples are systematically characterized by XRD, IR, TEM, TG, UV-vis, XPS, electrochemical and photo-catalytic degradation test. The synergistic CN and s-CN can significantly overcome the intrinsic drawback of rapid h(+) -e(-) recombination of CN or s-CN only. The CN/s-CN altered electronic structure, including narrowed band gap, upshifted band edge potential and improved electronic conductivity, and achieves 2.1 times activity than that of pristine CN.
Polyoxometalate-Decorated g-C3N4 -Wrapping Snowflake-Like CdS Nanocrystal for Enhanced Photocatalytic Hydrogen Evolution	Photocatalytic hydrogen evolution technology is recognized as a promising approach to relieving the growing energy crisis. Therefore, the development of a stable high-performance photocatalyst has long been the focus of research. In this work, quaternary composite materials involving a snowflake-like CdS nanocrystal wrapped by different amounts of polyoxometalate-decorated g-C3 N4 and polypyrrole (GPP@CdS) have been synthesized as photocatalysts for hydrogen production under visible-light irradiation. It has been revealed that the best composite (40 % GPP@CdS composite) exhibits hydrogen production activity of 1321 μmol, which exceeds that of CdS by a factor of more than two, and can be used in at least seven cycles with negligible loss of activity. The enhanced photocatalytic performance has been primarily attributed to the efficient synergy of CdS, g-C3 N4 , polypyrrole (PPy), and the polyoxometalate Ni4 (PW9 )2 . It should be noted that the introduction of PPy and g-C3 N4 into the title composite simultaneously promotes electron/hole pair separation and photocatalytic stability, whereas Ni4 (PW9 )2 serves as an efficient electron modulator and extra catalytic active site.
Polymeric carbon nitride nanomesh as an efficient and durable metal-free catalyst for oxidative desulfurization	We report the first use of polymeric carbon nitride (CN) for the catalytic selective oxidation of H2S. The as-prepared CN with unique ultrathin "nanomeshes" structure exhibits excellent H2S conversion and high S selectivity. In particular, the CN nanomesh also displays better durability in the desulfurization reaction than traditional catalysts, such as carbon- and iron-based materials.
Fabrication of ternary Ag3PO4/Co-3(PO4)(2)/g-C3N4 heterostructure with following Type II and Z-Scheme dual pathways for enhanced visible-light photocatalytic activity	A novel ternary Ag3PO4/Co-3(PO4)(2)/g-C3N4 (APO/CPO/CN) heterostructure photocatalyst was successfully synthesized via a simple precipitation method for photocatalytic degradation of tetracycline (TC) under visible light irradiation. The experimental result reveals that the ternary APO/CPO/CN heterojunction showed enhanced photocatalytic performance compared with single semiconductor CPO and CN, binary composite CPO/CN. And APO/CPO/CN-15 % composite exhibits highest photocatalytic degradation efficiency, which can degrade TC around 88 % under visible light within 120 min. The enhanced photocatalytic performance is due to the synergy effects between CPO, CN and APO with the aid of following Z-scheme and Type II heterojunction dual pathways for effective separation of photogenerated charges. This work provides a new approach in the rational design of ternary heterojunction photocatalyst with multilevel electron transfer for environmental decontamination.
Synergistic Effect of Hydrochloric Acid and Phytic Acid Doping on Polyaniline-Coupled g-C3N4 Nanosheets for Photocatalytic Cr(VI) Reduction and Dye Degradation	In this study, graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) nanosheets (CNns) were modified using polyaniline (PANT) codoped with an inorganic (hydrochloric acid, HCl) and an organic (phytic acid, PA) acid. Our results revealed that these samples exhibited extended visible-light absorption and a three-dimensional (3D) hierarchical structure with a large specific surface area. They also inhibited photoluminescence emission, reduced electrical resistance, and provided abundant free radicals, resulting in high photocatalytic performance. The PANI/g-C3N4 sample demonstrated outstanding photocatalytic activity of a Cr(VI) removal capacity of 4.76 mg.min(-1).g(c)(-1), which is the best record for the reduction of a 100 ppm K2Cr2O7 solution. Moreover, g-C3N4 coupled with PANI monotonically doped with HCl or PA did not demonstrate increased activity, suggesting that the codoping of HCl and PA plays a significant role in enhancing the performance. The improved photocatalytic activity of PANI/g-C3N4 can be attributed to the interchain and intrachain doping of PA and HCl over PANI, respectively, to create a 3D connected network and synergistically increase the electrical conductivity. Therefore, new insights into g-C3N4 coupled with PANI and codoped by HCl and PA may have excellent potential for the design of g-C3N4-based compounds for efficient photocatalytic reactions.
AFM and XPS studies of a homoepitaxial diamond (001) surface nitrided using 500-eV N-2(+) ion beam	
Ternary-component reduced graphene oxide aerogel constructed by g-C3N4/BiOBr heterojunction and graphene oxide with enhanced photocatalytic performance	Tremendous demands for photocatalysts with high chemical activity and stability, low cost and capability of response to visible-light have stimulated intensive research on developing versatile materials with special photocatalytic applications. Here we report a novel g-C3N4/BiOBr-RGO aerogel ternary-component heterojunction photocatalyst for degradation of RhB under visible light irradiation. As a result of synergistic effect of the g-C3N4, BiOBr and RGO, the hybrid photocatalysts exhibit better activity than the single component catalysts (pure g-C3N4, BiOBr) and bi-component catalysts (g-C3N4/BiOBr) in the same time period (60 min). The enhanced photocatalytic performance originates from a novel nanoarchitecture in which BiOBr exposed more active plane and RGO worked as a conductive support further improved the photogenerated charge separation. Moreover, due to the 3D structure of RGO after reaction the photocatalysts can be easily removed from the treated solution and reused, which opens up a way for the recycling applications of catalysts in aqueous reaction systems. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Construction of hierarchical 2D-2D Zn3In2S6/fluorinated polymeric carbon nitride nanosheets photocatalyst for boosting photocatalytic degradation and hydrogen production performance	The development of novel hybrid photocatalysts with high efficiency and durability for photocatalytic degradation and hydrogen production is highly desired, but still remains a great challenge currently. In this work, novel hierarchical composites consisting of petal-like Zn3In2S6 nanosheets and varying amounts of fluorine doped polymeric carbon nitride (FCN) were successfully prepared as photocatalysts for the photocatalytic degradation of methyl orange and H-2 evolution under visible light irradiation. The incorporation of FCN into Zn3In2S6 nanosheets significantly enhanced the photocatalytic activity for H-2 evolution (reduction) and degradation of methyl orange (oxidation). And the best-performing Zn3In2S6/FCN composite (i.e., ZF3) exhibited enhanced visible-light-driven photocatalytic methyl orange degradation efficiency of about 7.36 and 5.35 times higher than those of pure FCN and Zn3In2S6, respectively. Trapping experiments combined with electron spin resonance spectroscopy indicated that the active radicals (center dot O-2(-) and center dot OH) and oxidizing h(+) were responsible for the photocatalytic reaction. Meanwhile, the cumulative H2 evolution quantity by ZF3 sample via photocatalytic H-2 evolution from water splitting under 5 h of light irradiation reached 2553.9 junol.g(-1), which was 3.66 times higher than that of Zn3In2S6 (698.2 pmol.g(-1)). Cyclic tests demonstrated the stability of the ZF3 composite over five cycles of repeated use. These excellent performances were found to be attributable to the remarkable charge carrier separation between FCN and Zn3In2S6, with the aid of interfacial heterojunction structures. Based on the above results, the possible photocatalytic reaction mechanisms of ZF3 composite in both pollutant degradation and H-2 evolution from water splitting were also proposed. This study provides new insights into the preparation of highly-efficient hierarchical composite photocatalysts, which are promising for implementation in wideranging environmental applications.
Influence of hydrogen peroxide in enhancing photocatalytic activity of carbon nitride under visible light: An insight into reaction intermediates	Carbon nitride is a known photocatalyst that can be activated under visible light irradiation. In this research, the combined effect of carbon nitride and hydrogen peroxide in photocatalytic degradation of methylene blue (MB) in water was investigated under visible light. Carbon nitride was synthesized by thermal polymerization of dicyandiamide and characterized by x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), Energy dispersive x-ray (EDX), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) and pore textural properties. The kinetic study of degradation of MB with carbon nitride and in presence of hydrogen peroxide showed complete degradation of MB before 45 min of time interval. The kinetic studies were also performed by varying the dose of photocatalyst and initial concentration of MB and it was shown that higher dose of photocatalyst and lower concentration of MB resulted in higher rate of degradation. The dual role of hydrogen peroxide can be related to the generation of additional highly reactive hydroxyl radicals in presence of photocatalyst and prevention of recombination of holes and electrons of carbon nitride thereby improving its photocatalytic activity. The pH study revealed that neutral pH of the solution results in the highest rate of degradation. Analysis of liquid chromatography-mass spectroscopy (LCMS) results helped to reveal the reaction steps of photocatalysis of MB and it was found that the four stages of photodegradation of MB were demethylation, ring shortening, ring opening and complete mineralization.
Comparison of the three primary structures of deoxyribonuclease isolated from bovine, ovine, and porcine pancreas. Derivation of the amino acid sequence of ovine DNase and revision of the previously published amino acid sequence of bovine DNase	Based on the published bovine DNase sequence (Liao, T.-H., Salnikow, J., Moore, S., and Stein, W. H. (1973) J. Biol. Chem. 248, 1489-1495), the ovine DNase sequence is derived from the amino acid compositions of isolated short peptides covering all regions of the intact polypeptide. The sequence is substantiated by results of automated Edman degradation of the intact polypeptide and of the two middle CNBr fragments, and by elucidation of the complete sequence of the COOH-terminal CNBr peptide. The 12 changes from bovine to ovine DNase are at residues 22 (Ala to Ser), 29 (Val to Leu), 35 (Val to Ala), 54 (Tyr to Asp), 62 (Thr to Ser), 83 (Leu to Val), 121 (His to Pro), 127 (Glu to Ala), 132 (Ala to Pro), 159 (His to Asp), 163 (Val to Ile), and 231 (Ala to Val). A minor genetic variant form of ovine DNase has Val at residue 163. The data from automated Edman degradation of the largest CNBr peptide of bovine DNase show that the published bovine DNase sequence is in error and that an Ile-Val-Arg tripeptide must be inserted between Arg-27 and Arg-28. The corrected sequence is substantiated by two peptides covering this region each with three amino acids more than the published sequence. Comparison of the bovine, ovine, and porcine DNase sequences reveals the following: with the revised bovine sequence, all three DNase sequences can be aligned without a gap; all three DNases have a carbohydrate side chain at Asn-18, but only porcine DNase has carbohydrate at Asn-106; there are 12 changes between bovine and ovine DNases, 56 between bovine and porcine, and 50 between ovine and porcine; there are six highly variable regions and four invariable ones; bovine and ovine DNases have the same length while porcine DNase is longer by 2 amino acid residues at the COOH terminus; the residues around the nucleotide-binding site, the four pairs of salt bridges, and the essential His-134 groups are not changed.
Research Progress of Novel Two-dimensional Materials in Photocatalysis and Electrocatalysis	Two-dimensional materials have attracted broad interest because of their wide variety of properties. They can be used as photocatalysts and electrocatalysts due to their extremely high specific surface area, and have great potential application in the field of environment and renewable energy. This review focuses on the structure and properties of common two-dimensional materials such as 2D carbides and nitrides (MXenes), g-C3N4 and black phosphorus (BP). Furthermore, the latest research on the modification of two-dimensional materials in the area of photocatalysis and electrocatalysis are discussed and commented. Finally, research prospects for two-dimensional materials in the future are predicted.
Hydroxylation of Benzene via C-H Activation Using Bimetallic CuAg@g-C3N4	A photoactive bimetallic CuAg@g-C3N4 catalyst system has been designed and synthesized by impregnating copper and silver nanoparticles over the graphitic carbon nitride surface. Its application has been demonstrated in the hydroxylation of benzene under visible light.
Solvothermal synthesis and enhanced visible light photocatalytic activity of novel graphitic carbon nitride-Bi2MoO6 heterojunctions	Novel graphitic carbon nitride (C3N4)-Bi2MoO6 heterojunctions with different contents of Bi2MoO6 nanosheets were in situ synthesized by a simple solvothermal method. The resulting C3N4-Bi2MoO6 heterojunctions possess enhanced absorption within the visible light range compared with pure C3N4. Meanwhile, these C3N4-Bi2MoO6 heterojunctions also exhibit much higher photocatalytic activity for methyl orange (MO) degradation than those of single C3N4 and Bi2MoO6, as well as Degussa P25. Significantly, the optimum photocatalytic activity of the 0.2C3N4-Bi2MoO6 heterojunction is 3.56 and 3.45 times faster than those of either individual C3N4 or Bi2MoO6. Based on the trapping experiment results, we believe that photogenerated holes and superoxide radicals O-2(center dot-) play a major role in C3N4/Bi2MoO6 heterogeneous system under visible light irradiation. What is more, the heterojunction displays excellent stability and reusability. This work provides a promising strategy for constructing more C3N4 based heterojunctions. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
C-H arylation reactions through aniline activation catalysed by a PANI-g-C3N4-TiO2 composite under visible light in aqueous medium	A PANI (polyaniline)-g-C3N4-TiO2 composite was prepared and found to be efficient for radical C-H arylation reactions. The arylation process involved coupling of in situ generated aryl diazonium salts from aniline with heteroarenes, enol acetates or benzoquinones under visible light in aqueous medium or pure water. A broad range of substrates survived the reaction conditions to provide the desired products in moderate to good yields. Scale-up (10 mmol) synthesis was also achieved. This semiconductor photocatalyst showed good photocatalytic performance and stability. Recycle studies showed that this composite could be readily recovered and a slight decrease in the catalytic activity was observed after ten consecutive runs.
Triple-Mode Bi2WO6/Pg-C3N4@rGO Core-Shell Synergistic Effect with Enhanced Light-induced Photocatalytic Activity	Synthesizing composites is one of the most effective ways to reduce the recombination probability of electron-hole pairs and to improve photocatalytic activity. In this study, our research group first combined reduced graphene oxide (rGO) with porous graphitic carbon nitride (pg-C3N4) to form pg-C3N4@rGO core-shell, and then loaded bismuth tungstate (Bi2WO6) onto the pg-C3N4@rGO to acquire a ternary composite catalyst. The results of the experiment show that, the ternary photocatalyst exhibited better phototalytic performance than pure pg-C3N4 and Bi2WO6. When the weight radio of pg-C3N4@rGO and Bi2WO6 was 100:8, the ternary photocatalyst showed the best photocatalytic performance. Its photocatalytic kinetic constant reached 68 x 10(-4) min(-1), which was 13.6 times that of pg-C3N4 and 7.6 times that of Bi2WO6. The photocatalytic performance was boosted by the heterojunction structure of the ternary composite, which can effectively separate electron-hole pairs rapidly, and thereby increased quantum yield, thus improving the photocatalytic performance.
Facile and green synthesis of novel porous g-C3N4/Ag3PO4 composite with enhanced visible light photocatalysis	In this paper, novel Z-scheme porous graphitic C3N4 (Pg-C3N4)/Ag3PO4 composite was synthesized by a facile and green method at room temperature. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD), energy dispersive spectrometer (EDS) and UV-vis diffuse reflectance spectroscopy (DRS) were used to characterize the structural, crystal and optical properties of the as-prepared nanocomposites. Photocatalytic activity of catalysts is evaluated by degrading methylene blue (MB) under visible light irradiation. The results showed that photocatalytic activity of Pg-C3N4/Ag3PO4 was much higher than that of Pg-C3N4 and Ag3PO4. The kinetic constant K-app of MB degradation over Pg-C3N4/Ag3PO4 was 1.45 and 9.6 times as high as that of Ag3PO4 and Pg-C3N4, respectively. Finally, Z-scheme photocatalytic mechanism is proposed.
Preparation of choline sulfate ionic liquid supported on porous graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets by simple surface modification for enhanced catalytic properties	
Preparation and Photocatalytic Properties of Graphite Phase Carbon Nitride	
First-principles simulation of cyanogen under high pressure: Formation of paracyanogen and an insulating carbon nitride solid	Using a set of first-principles calculations, we have studied the phase transitions of cyanogen molecules (C2N2) under high pressure. We obtained that at high pressure, cyanogen is transformed to a planar graphitelike structure with metallic property, which is experimentally known as paracyanogen. By increasing pressure, paracyanogen is transformed to an insulator carbon-nitrogen solid with an indirect band gap of 3.2 eV. Both above-mentioned phase transitions are first order and occur simultaneously with significant reduction in volumes. From our calculations, it is found that the planar structure of paracyanogen is made of ten-membered rings consisting of two C-C, four C-N, and four C=N bonds, while each carbon atom has sp(2)-like hybridization. In the new-formed solid, all the carbon atoms have sp(3)-like hybridization and all the nitrogen atoms have sp(2)-like hybridizations with their nearest-neighboring C and N atoms. Our optical calculations show that cyanogen, which is a colorless gas, after above transitions turns to black paracyanogen polymer and then to a transparent solid. We have also used phonon dispersion calculation to show the stability of our predicted three-dimensional carbon-nitrogen system. Furthermore, it turns out that the predicted CN solid with stoichiometry 1:1 has also a good elastic property and a high bulk modulus of 330 GPa.
Sticking probability of CN(X2Σ+) radicals onto amorphous carbon nitride films formed from the decomposition of BrCN induced by the microwave discharge flow of Ar	The sticking probability, s, of CN(X(2)Σ(+)) radicals onto amorphous carbon nitride (a-CN(x)) films with high [N]/([N]+[C]) ratios (≤0.5) was evaluated. CN(X(2)Σ(+)) radicals were generated from the decomposition of BrCN with the microwave discharge flow of Ar in the two experimental configurations, I and II, where the distance between the tip of the nozzle introducing BrCN is close (≈10 mm) to and distant (≈0.3 m) from the laser-beam path or the Si substrate, respectively. For each configuration, s was evaluated both under the desiccated and H(2)O-added conditions from the number density of CN(X(2)Σ(+)) evaluated from the intensity of the CN(A(2)Π(i)-X(2)Σ(+)) laser-induced fluorescence spectrum calibrated against Rayleigh scattering intensity of Ar, the flow speed measured by a time-resolved emission, and the film mass. The [N]/([N]+[C]) ratios of films were evaluated as 0.4-0.5 and 0.3 in the configurations I and II, respectively, from the compositional analysis using Rutherford back scattering and elastic recoil detection analysis together with the XPS analysis. The variation of s under various experimental conditions was discussed based on the electron densities in the reaction region and the relative density of the hydrogen-termination structures of the film surface.
Construction of Acetaldehyde-Modified g-C3N4 Ultrathin Nanosheets via Ethylene Glycol-Assisted Liquid Exfoliation for Selective Fluorescence Sensing of Ag	We successfully prepared acetaldehyde-modified graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) ultrathin nanosheets (ACNNSs) by a simple ethylene glycol-assisted liquid exfoliation method. The introduction of acetaldehyde regulated the surface energy of g-C3N4 to better match with that of water, which improved the exfoliation efficiency. Moreover, acetaldehyde introduces defects into the g-C3N4 structure, which can act as excitation energy traps and cause considerable variation in the fluorescence emission. Benefiting from the stable photoluminescence emission, good water solubility, and biocompatibility, the obtained ACNNSs showed a selective fluorescent response to Ag+ in both aqueous solution and living cells. The strong absorption and intimate contact with Ag+ and its appropriate redox potential of ACNNSs contributed to this excellent fluorescent response. A simple and environmental friendly approach was proposed to simultaneously achieve modification and exfoliation of g-C3N4 in aqueous solution. These findings might lead to wider applications of carbon-based nanomaterials as active materials for fluorescence detection in the environment.
Selective photocatalytic oxidation of aromatic alcohols in water by using P-doped g-C3N4	A set of bare and P-doped graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) photocatalysts has been prepared by thermal condensation of melamine, urea or thiourea. For the sake of comparison, a g-C3N4 sample obtained in the presence of cyanuric acid and thermally exfoliated C3N4 powders were also studied. The materials were physicochemically characterized and their photocatalytic activity was studied for the selective oxidation of benzyl alcohol (BA), 4-methoxy benzyl alcohol (4-MBA) and piperonyl alcohol (PA) in water suspension both under UV and visible light irradiation. The influence of the type and position of the substituents on conversion and selectivity to aldehyde was remarkable. The presence of P in the C3N4 material improved the selectivity of the reaction towards the aldehyde.
Novel H3PW12O40/TiO2-g-C3N4 type-II heterojunction photocatalyst with enhanced visible-light photocatalytic properties	A type-II heterojunction photocatalyst H3PW12O40/TiO2-g-C3N4 is obtained by ultrasonic method. The structure, morphology and optical property of the composites are studied by a series of characterizations. 20 wt.% H3PW12O40/TiO2-g-C3N4, the optimum composite, has superior photocatalytic efficiency for degrading rhodamine B (RhB) and p-nitrophenol (PNP) under visible light irradiation. The photocatalytic performance improvement of H3PW12O40/TiO2-g-C3N4 ternary composite material is ascribed to enhanced adsorption capacity of organic contaminants and efficient separation of photoinduced carriers. Furthermore, we can conclude that h(+), center dot O-2(-), and center dot OH are the major active substances in the photocatalytic degradation process, which further provides the evidence for superior photocatalytic activity of H3PW12O40/TiO2-g-C3N4 composite material compared to bare g-C3N4. The H3PW12O40/TiO2-g-C3N4 composite displays excellent stability and recyclability, which can be reused for four times with only slight inactivation. Overall, this work puts forward a new direction for the fabrication g-C3N4-based visible-light-driven photocatalytic composite materials.
Synthesis of beta-AgVO3 nanowires decorated with Ag2CrO4, with improved visible light photocatalytic performance	Silver chromate-silver vanadate (Ag2CrO4/beta-AgVO3) heterojunction composites are synthesized through a facile precipitation process. The Ag2CrO4/-AgVO3 hybrids obtained exhibit better photocatalytic activity in degradation of RhB than both pure Ag2CrO4 and beta-AgVO3 under visible light irradiation. The 20 wt% Ag2CrO4/beta-AgVO3 heterojunction possesses the best photocatalytic ability for degrading RhB: 24.4 times that of pristine beta-AgVO3 nanowires and 3.2 times that of individual Ag2CrO4 particles. The phase of the nanocomposites was analyzed using x-ray diffraction as well as x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. Their morphology was observed via scanning electron microscopy and transmission electron microscopy. The improvement in photocatalytic performance is chiefly ascribed to the synergies between Ag2CrO4/beta-AgVO3 heterostructure, which can enhance the light absorbance ability and also accelerate the separation and transfer of photoinduced electrons and holes under visible light irradiation; this is also confirmed by UV-vis diffuse reflection spectrometry and fluorescence emission spectra.
Carbon- and Nitrogen-Based Organic Frameworks	This Account provides an overview of organic, covalent, porous frameworks and solid-state materials mainly composed of the elements carbon and nitrogen. The structures under consideration are rather diverse and cover a wide spectrum. This Account will summarize current works on the synthetic concepts leading toward those systems and cover the application side where emphasis is set on the exploration of those systems as candidates for unusual high-performance catalysis, electrocatalysis, electrochemical energy storage, and artificial photosynthesis. These issues are motivated by the new global energy cycles and the fact that sustainable technologies should not be based on rare and expensive resources. We therefore present the strategic design of functionality in cost-effective, affordable artificial materials starting from a spectrum of simple synthetic options to end up with carbon- and nitrogen-based porous frameworks. Following the synthetic strategies, we demonstrate how the electronic structure of polymeric frameworks can be tuned and how this can modify property profiles in a very unexpected fashion. Covalent triazine-based frameworks (CTFs), for instance, showed both enormously high energy and high power density in lithium and sodium battery systems. Other C,N-based organic frameworks, such as triazine-based graphitic carbon nitride, are suggested to show promising band gaps for many (photo)electrochemical reactions. Nitrogen-rich carbonaceous frameworks, which are developed from C,N-based organic framework strategies, are highlighted in order to address their promising electrocatalytic properties, such as in the hydrogen evolution reaction, oxygen reduction reaction (ORR), and oxygen evolution reaction (OER). With careful design, those materials can be multifunctional catalysts, such as a bifunctional ORR/OER electrocatalyst. Although the majority of new C,N-based materials are still not competitive with the best (usually nonsustainable candidates) for each application, the framework/N approach as such is still in its infancy and has already moved organic materials to regions where otherwise only traditional noble metals or special inorganic semiconductors are found. As one potential way to enhance the properties of polymeric frameworks, the idea of catalysts having unique active surfaces based on Mott-Schottky heterojunctions and related concepts are addressed. In order to integrate all of the above versatile subjects from synthesis to applications on C,N-based organic frameworks, we begin the discussion with synthetic concepts and strategies for these frameworks to distinguish these systems from typical covalent organic frameworks based on boron oxide rings. Next we focus on the semiconducting properties of C,N-based organic frameworks in order to show a continuous transition between CTFs and other systems, such as graphitic carbon nitrides. At the end, applications of these materials are shown by highlighting their properties in electrochemical energy storage and photo- and electrocatalysis.
Electrospun one-dimensional graphitic carbon nitride-coated carbon hybrid nanofibers (GCN/CNFs) for photoelectrochemical applications	Coupling of graphitic carbon nitride (GCN) with electrospun carbon nanofibers (CNFs) enhanced the photoelectrochemical (PEC) performance of a pristine GCN photoanode. Polyacrylonitrile (PAN) was electrospun to form fibers that were then carbonized to form one-dimensional (1D) CNFs, which were then used to fabricate the GCN structure. The optimum GCN/CNFs hybrid structure was obtained by controlling the amount of GCN precursors (urea/thiourea). The surface morphology of the hybrid structure revealed the coating of GCN on the CNFs. Additionally, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy, and X-ray diffraction confirmed the phases of the GCN/CNFs hybrids. PEC results showed a higher photocurrent of 3 mu A for the hybrid compared with that of 1 mu A for the pristine GCN. The high photocurrent for the hybrid structures indicated the formation of heterojunctions that resulted from a lower recombination rate of charge carriers. Moreover, UTh0.75 (0.075 g of urea and 0.075 g of thiourea) hybrid sample showed the highest performance of hydrogen generation with its numerical value of 437 mu mol/g, compared to those of UTh0.1 (0.1 g of urea and 0.1 g of thiourea) and UTh0.05 (0.05 g of urea and 0.05 g of thiourea) composite samples. This higher hydrogen production could be explained again with successful formation of heterojunctions between GCN and CNFs. Overall, we report a new approach for obtaining 1D hybrid structures, having better PEC performance than that of pristine GCN. These hybrids could potentially be used in energy-related devices.
Photocatalytic degradation of sulfamethoxazole by hierarchical magnetic ZnO@g-C3N4: RSM optimization, kinetic study, reaction pathway and toxicity evaluation	The degradation of sulfamethoxazole (SMX) by a synthesized hierarchical magnetic zinc oxide based composite ZnO@g-C3N4 (FZG) was examined. Hierarchical FZG was synthesized by using Fe3O4 nanoparticle as the magnetic core and urea as the precursor for in situ growth of g-C3N4 on the surface of petal-like ZnO. The effect of catalyst dosage (0.4-0.8 g/L), solution pH (3-11) and airflow rate (0.5-2.5 L/min) on the SMX removal efficiency and the optimization of process was studied by response surface methodology (RSM) based on central composite design (CCD). The obtained RSM model with R-2 = 0.9896 showed a satisfactory correlation between the predicted values and experimental results of SMX removal. Under the optimum conditions, i.e. 0.65 g/L photo catalyst concentration, pH = 5.6 and airflow rate = 1.89 L/min, 90.4% SMX removal was achieved after 60 min reaction. The first-order kinetic rate constant for SMX removal by using FZG was 0.0384 min(-1) while the rate constant by commercial ZnO was 0.0165 min(-1). Moreover, under the optimum conditions, about 64% COD removal and 45% TOC removal and a considerable reduction in toxicity were observed. The analysis of generated intermediates during the photocatalytic degradation of SMX was conducted by LC-HR-MS/MS method and a degradation pathway was proposed.
Soft-template synthesis of sp(2)-carbon linked polymeric carbon nitride porous nanotubes with enhanced photocatalytic hydrogen evolution	Morphological and structural modifications are effective ways to improve the photocatalytic performance of polymeric carbon nitride (CN), a promising photocatalyst for industrial application, but research on simultaneous morphological control and covalent bond insertion in CN and relevant structure-function relationships are still rare. Herein, sp(2)-carbon linked CN (C-CN) porous nanotubes were simply synthesized by first using polyethyleneimine as the template and modifying agent, and exhibit an enlarged specific surface area, enhanced visible light absorption and charge separation, originating from the sp(2)-C introduced impurity level in the bandgap, and thus improved photocatalytic H-2 evolution activity under visible light irradiation, compared with the bulk CN. Interestingly, the photoactivity of C-CN at wavelengths of 400 and 420 nm is lower than CN because of the sp(2)-C insertion induced reduction of amino groups which are active sites for H-2 evolution. That is, the photoactivity enhancement of C-CN is A-dependent. This work elucidates the sp(2)-C linked structure-performance relationship of C-CN, and may direct future research on atom-linked mesoporous CN-based photocatalysts.
Preparing 5-formyl-2-furancarboxylic acid, comprises e.g. reacting hydroxymethylfurfural with sodium carbonate and graphitic carbon nitride/sodium niobate as catalyst in water as solvent, passing oxygen gas and irradiating	
Mouse myeloma cells that make short immunoglobulin heavy chains: pleiotropic effects on glycosylation and chain assembly	Two variants in immunoglobulin heavy chain production, derived from the MPC 11 mouse myeloma cell line, make short heavy (H) chains with identical precise deletions of the CH3 domain. The CH3 domain is expressed in the H chain mRNA from both variants. Although in vitro translation of this mRNA produces one H chain species, deleted heavy chains are secreted as heavy-light (HL) and H2L2 moieties in contrast to MPC 11, which secretes only H2L2 . The heavy chains of HL apparently contain more carbohydrate (CHO+) than do the H chains of H2L2 , and inhibition of N-linked glycosylation results in the secretion of relatively more H2L2 . Here we present evidence suggesting that (a) the absence of the CH3 domain has led to conformational changes in these molecules, (b) these changes permit posttranslational glycosylation, and (c) unrestrained glycosylation can frequently yield unusual CHO+ structures that make complete assembly unlikely.
Silver chromate modified sulfur doped graphitic carbon nitride microrod composites with enhanced visible-light photoactivity towards organic pollutants degradation	The elimination of pollutants from wastewater using visible-light-driven photocatalysts has been attracted more and more attentions due to their higher sunlight utilization compared to conventional ultraviolet photocatalysts. Sulfur doped g-C3N4 microrods (SCN) modified with silver chromate (Ag2CrO4) were prepared by precipitation method. Several characterization methods, such as scanning electron microscopy (SEM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray powder diffraction (XRD), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), photoluminescence (PL) spectra and UV-Vis diffuse reflectance spectra (UV-Vis DRS), were applied to study the morphologies and phase structures and optical properties of as-synthesized semiconductor photocatalysts. Novelty Ag2CrO4/SCN heterostructures exhibited enhanced photodegradation of methyl orange under visible light irradiation. Finest photocatalytic activity of 30%-Ag2CrO4/SCN for the degradation of MO was 5.5 and 13.5 times higher than that of single Ag2CrO4 and SCN, respectively. The design of a Z-scheme system in Ag2CrO4/SCN heterostructures promoted the photocatalytic performance through enhancing redox ability, facilitating the light absorption and promoting the charge separation.
Highly enhanced photocatalytic hydrogen evolution activity of graphitic carbon nitride with 3D connected mesoporous structure	In this report, we demonstrate on the preparation of mesoporous graphitic carbon nitride (gCN) with 3D porous structure using dicyandiamide as a CN precursor and KIT-6 as a template via hard-template replication method and its superior photocatalytic hydrogen evolution activity under simulated sunlight. The powder X-ray diffraction, nitrogen adsorption and near edge X-ray absorption fine structure (NEXAFS) results reveal that the prepared materials possess gCN crystal structure with ordered mesopores and a 3D porous structure and a high specific surface area (221 m(2)/g). UV-Vis and PL spectra show that the absorption edges of mesoporous gCNs are slightly blue-shifted and the PL intensity is remarkably suppressed. The photocatalytic hydrogen evolution activity of gCN-KIT-6 under solar simulated irradiation is 1.92 mmol.g(-1) h(-1) which is much higher than that of gCN with 2D mesoporous structure, gCN from silica nanoparticle and bulk nonporous gCN. This high photocatalytic activity of gCN-KIT-6 can be attributed to 3D structure and the retarded electron-hole recombination. (c) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A novel materials manganese cadmium sulfide/cobalt nitride for efficiently photocatalytic hydrogen evolution	The CoN which with excellent performance was introduced into Mn0.2Cd0.8S through simple electrostatic self-assembly for the first time, then the composite photocatalyst with low cost and high catalytic activity was prepared. The introduction of CoN improves the absorption intensity of catalyst to visible light. CoN accepts photo-induced electrons from Mn0.2Cd0.8S as an excellent electron acceptor in the form of active sites due to its suitable conduction band position and good conductivity. The surface interaction of composite photocatalyst formed by electrostatic self-assembly is strong, which is conducive to the directional transfer of photogenic carriers from Mn0.2Cd0.8S to CoN, greatly inhibits the recombination of photogenic carriers and improves the separation and the transfer rate of photogenic carriers. The introduction of CoN greatly improved the hydrogen production rate of photocatalyst up to 14.612 mmol g(-1) h(-1), it was 17.3 times that of pure MCS. This work provides inspiration for transition metal nitrides as cocatalysts in the sphere of photocatalytic splitting of water for hydrogen production. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Two-dimensional g-C3N4/InSe heterostructure as a novel visible-light photocatalyst for overall water splitting: a first-principles study	The enhanced visible-light harvesting, low recombination of electron-hole pairs and high carrier mobility are found in a novel g-C3N4/InSe hybrid two-dimensional (2D) heterostructure photocatalyst by using first-principles calculations for the first time. The photocatalytic mechanism of g-C3N4/InSe is comprehensively investigated. Our calculations show that 2D g-C3N4/InSe heterostructure has a direct band gap of 1.93 eV and a typical type-II band alignment with holes and electrons located in metal-free g-C3N4 monolayer and non-noble metal InSe nanosheet, respectively. A remarkable visible-light absorption can thus be expected. The electrons and holes located in InSe and g-C3N4 monolayers have a high mobility (10(4) and 10(2) cm(2) V-1 s(-1)), which is beneficial for improving the catalytic efficiency. The charge density difference and type-II band structure indicate that the photo-generated electrons easily transfer from g-C3N4 monolayer to InSe nanosheet, and the holes are transferred from InSe to g-C3N4, reducing the electron-hole recombination. Compared with the well-known 2D g-C3N4/MoS2 hybrid photocatalyst composed of g-C3N4 nanosheet and MoS2 monolayer with a low electron mobility (<200 cm(2) V-1 s(-1)) and fast electron-hole recombination due to its direct bandgap, g-C3N4/InSe heterostructure photocatalyst has a distinctive advantage in improving the photocatalytic hydrogen evolution performance due to the high carrier mobility and suppressing the recombination of photo-generated electrons and holes by the indirect band gap of InSe monolayer. These clearly prove that g-C3N4/InSe is an energetic photocatalyst for overall water splitting under visible-light irradiation.
Facile one-step synthesis of onion-like carbon modified ultrathin g-C3N4 2D nanosheets with enhanced visible-light photocatalytic performance	Herein, novel mesoporous carbon-doped g-C3N4 ultrathin nanosheets (C/CNNS) have been synthesized for the first time through a facile one-step thermal condensation method using agar-melamine gel (AMG) as precursor. A series of characterizations were carried out to explore the structure, morphology and optoelectronic properties of the C/CNNS photocatalyst. The resultant C/CNNS-0.5 exhibited the optimum photocatalytic performance with respect to bulk g-C3N4 by using Rhodamine B, Phenol, Bisphenol A and Phenanthrene as target pollutants under visible light irradiation. Such remarkable enhancement of photocatalytic activity was mainly attributed to the synergistic effect of onion-like carbon (OLC) and ultrathin 2D nanosheets structure. The introduction of OLC could effectively expand visible-light absorption regions. Besides, OLC can act as an electron receiver to facilitate charge separation and inhibit the recombination of photogenerated carriers. 2D nanosheets structure provides more active sites for photocatalytic reactions, which further improve photocatalytic activity of C/CNNS-0.5 photocatalyst. The photocatalytic mechanism of C/CNNS for removing organic pollutants was explored by electron spin resonance (ESR) technique. Much different from the bulk g-C3N4, superoxide radical (O2-) and hydroxyl radical (OH) were the two main radicals, while for the bulk g-C3N4, there is only the O2- radical worked in the photocatalytic reaction.
Heteroatoms binary-doped hierarchical porous g-C3N4 nanobelts for remarkably enhanced visible-light-driven hydrogen evolution	The heteroatoms C, O binary-doped g-C3N4 (C-O/CN) with hierarchical porous nanobelt architecture was synthesized via a straightforward template-free self-assembly method using dicyandiamide as g-C3N4 precursor and glutathione as C, O doping source. The as-prepared C-O/CN exhibits well-defined hierarchical nanobelt structure composed of porous nanosheets, resulting in obvious enhanced specific surface area (120 m(2) g(-1)). Particularly, C, O heteroatoms, introduced into the structure of g-C3N4 by substituting N atoms, induce narrowed bandgap for more effective visible-light harvesting and negatively shifted conduction band position for stronger reducibility of electrons for H-2 production. Such hierarchical porous C-O/CN nanobelts are demonstrated to be highly efficient in charge separation and transfer. Under optimal mass ratio of glutathione to dicyandiamide (0.1%), C-O/CN-0.1 shows a highest H-2 evolution rate of 18.38 mmol h(-1) g(-1) under visible-light (lambda > 420 nm) irradiation (about 79.9 times higher than that of the bulk g-C3N4) and a remarkable apparent quantum efficiency of 9.83% at 420 nm, which can be used as a promising low-cost photocatalyst for H-2 evolution.
CuO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite as promising photocatalyst for photoelectrochemical water splitting	CuO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite photocatalyst has been synthesized by co-precipitation method and analyzed its performance in the photoelectrochemical water splitting application. X-ray diffraction analyses and Raman measurement confirms the presence of CuO. Scanning electron microscope image shows rod shape morphology. The CuO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite exhibit the wide range of visible light absorbance and the bandgap of the material is 1.64 eV. Room temperature photoluminescence measurement reveals the presence of CuO charge transfer emission and LUMO - HUMO transition of g-C3N4. The CuO/g-C3N4 composite shows improved photocatalytic water splitting under visible light illumination. This could be attributed to the higher visible light absorbance and reduction in the recombination rate. The CuO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite electrode shows a highly stable photocurrent response.
Iodine-Deficient BiO1.2I0.6 Coupling with Bi2O3 for Degradation of Volatile Organic Compounds under Simulated Sunlight Irradiation	A photocatalyst with a high separation efficiency of carriers is crucial for the photocatalytic efficient decomposition of volatile organic compounds (VOCs). In this work, a new iodine-deficient BiO1.2I0.6/Bi2O3 photocatalyst was developed through a solvothermal approach coupled with thermal decomposition. The 2 wt % BiO1.2I0.6/Bi2O3 sample demonstrated optimal photocatalytic activity for the degradation of toluene, achieving a 55.1 % mineralization ratio under 8 h of irradiation, which was 14.9 and 2.1 times higher than those of BiO1.2I0.6 and Bi2O3, respectively. Compared with BiO1.2I0.6 and Bi2O3, 2 wt % BiO1.2I0.6/Bi2O3 exhibited the weakest fluorescence band, highest photocurrent density, and lowest impedance; thus suggesting that Bi2O3 compounded by 2 wt % BiO1.2I0.6 distinctly promoted the separation efficiency of carriers. The hydroxyl radical ((OH)-O-.) was the main active species, apart from holes, for the photocatalytic degradation of toluene.
Gold Nanoparticles and g-C3N4-Intercalated Graphene Oxide Membrane for Recyclable Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering	Toxic organic pollutants in the aquatic environment cause severe threats to both humans and the global environment. Thus, the development of robust strategies for detection and removal of these organic pollutants is essential. For this purpose, a multifunctional and recyclable membrane by intercalating gold nanoparticles and graphitic carbon nitride into graphene oxide (GNPs/g-C3N4/GO) is fabricated. The membranes exhibit not only superior surface enhanced Raman scattering (SERS) activity attributed to high preconcentration ability to analytes through p-p and electrostatic interactions, but also excellent catalytic activity due to the enhanced electron-hole separation efficiency. These outstanding properties allow the membrane to be used for highly sensitive detection of rhodamine 6G with a limit of detection of 5.0 x 10(-14) M and self-cleaning by photocatalytic degradation of the adsorbed analytes into inorganic small molecules, thus achieving recyclable SERS application. Furthermore, the excellent SERS activity of the membrane is demonstrated by detection of 4-chlorophenol at less than nanomolar level and no significant SERS or catalytic activity loss was observed when reusability is tested. These results suggest that the GNPs/g-C3N4/GO membrane provides a new strategy for eliminating traditional, single-use SERS substrates, and expands practical SERS application to simultaneous detection and removal of environmental pollutants.
Preparing modified graphitic carbon nitride catalyst useful for photo catalytic hydrogen production, comprises dissolving cobalt nitrate hexahydrate and hexadecyl trimethyl ammonium bromide and placing porcelain boat in tubular furnace	
Unraveling the mechanisms of S-doped carbon nitride for photocatalytic oxygen reduction to H 2 O 2	An in-depth understanding of the microscopic reaction mechanism on a nonmetal-doped catalytic system at the atomic level is one of the critical approaches to developing new efficient catalysts. Herein, the effects of S-doping on melon-based carbon nitride (CN) for the photocatalytic selective oxygen reduction reaction (ORR) have been comprehensively investigated by first-principles calculations. The configurations, electronic properties, optical properties, and the reaction performance of the S-doped melon-based CN have been studied and discussed. The results demonstrate that the decoration with S atoms exhibited substantial effects, involving the redistribution of the charge density and tuning of the bandgap, which promote the photocatalytic selective ORR activity. Accordingly, O2 is activated on the S-doped system with about 0.4 e of charge obtained from catalytic surfaces, leading to the thermodynamically feasible H2O2 and H2O formation, which is in good agreement with the experimental results. Our results provide theoretical insights into the design and development of polymeric carbon nitride (PCN) as well as other metal-free photocatalysts for the selective ORR.
Interfacial coupling effect of high surface area Pyrochlore like Ce2Zr2O7 over 2D g-C3N4 sheet photoactive material for efficient removal of organic pollutants	
Atomic structure and electronic structure of disordered graphitic carbon nitride	Random networks of sp(2) bonded amorphous graphitic carbon nitride (g-CN) have been created by density functional molecular dynamics calculations. A direct molecular dynamics approach was found to create a network with too many like-atom bonds so that an indirect method via an h-BN random network is used. The resulting network possesses the local units of melems found in the crystalline g-C3N4 lattice. The networks have the electron affinity and ionization potential values compatible with photocatalytic water splitting. They are found to possess too many defects so that the band gap is smaller than found experimentally. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Preparation and Characterization of Mesoporous TiO2 Sphere/g-C3N4 Nanosheets for Photocatalytic Behaviors	Composites consisting of mesoporous titanium dioxide spheres/graphitic carbon nitride (GCN-TiO2) were synthesized via a sol-gel and hydrothermal methods. The photocatalytic degradation of pollutants by the TiO2 spheres was evaluated based on the degradation of Rhodamine B (Rh B). In particular, the composites (GCN-TiO2) containing 7 wt% GCN exhibited excellent photocatalytic activity. Owing to the presence of GCN, the composites showed improved light absorption capability, pair lifetime, adsorption capacity, and a reduced band gap energy (from 3.12 to 2.65 eV). Further, the composites showed excellent durability and stability even after fifth cycles.
Jellyfish mesogloea collagen. Characterization of molecules as alpha 1 alpha 2 alpha 3 heterotrimers	The mesogloea collagen of a primitive animal, the jellyfish Stomolophus nomurai, belonging to the class Scyphozoa in the Coelenterata, was studied with respect to its chain structure. Most of the mesogloea collagen was solubilized by limited digestion with pepsin and isolated by selective precipitation at 0.9 m NaCl in 0.5 M acetic acid. Upon denaturation, the pepsin-solubilized collagen produced three distinct alpha chains, alpha 1, alpha 2, and alpha 3, in comparable amounts which were separable by CM-cellulose chromatography. The nonidentity of these alpha chains was confirmed by amino acid and carbohydrate analyses and peptide mapping. Furthermore, the introduction of intramolecular cross-links into native molecules by formaldehyde yielded a large proportion of gamma 123 chain with chain structure alpha 1 alpha 2 alpha 3, as judged by chromatographic behavior and peptide maps. We concluded that mesogloea collagen is comprised of alpha 1 alpha 2 alpha 3 heterotrimers and is chemically like vertebrate Type V collagen. On the other hand, sea anemone mesogloea collagen from the class Anthozoa was previously reported to comprise (alpha)3 homotrimers (Katzman, R. L., and Kang, A. H. (1972) J. Biol. Chem. 247, 5486-5489). On the basis of these findings, we assume that alpha 1 alpha 2 alpha 3 heterotrimers arose in evolution with the divergence of Scyphozoa and Anthozoa.
Primary structure of parvalbumin from rat skeletal muscle	The primary structure of parvalbumin from rat skeletal muscle has been determined principally by automated sequencing of tryptic peptides using 4-N,N-dimethylaminoazobenzene 4'-isothiocyanate as the Edman reagent on a solid-phase sequencer. Remaining positions and most peptide overlaps were identified by analysis of peptides arising from CNBr, chymotryptic and Staphylococcus aureus protease cleavages and through digestions with carboxypeptidases A, B and Y. Reverse-phase high-performance liquid chromatography on C-18 supports was employed for all peptide separations. Structural homology between rat and rabbit parvalbumins helped to confirm the alignments of the tryptic peptides T4-T3, T2-T6 and to define the position of the Lys triplet (36-38). A comparison of the two mammalian proteins revealed 14 amino acid differences, which are all located on the surface of the molecule. A prediction of the secondary structure has been made and found to be very similar for the rat and rabbit proteins with the exception of the sequence region 72-78, located between the Ca2+, Mg2+-binding CD and EF domains.
One-step synthesis of phosphorus/oxygen co-doped g-C3N4/anatase TiO 2 Z-scheme photocatalyst for significantly enhanced visible-light photocatalysis degradation of enrofloxacin	Anatase TiO2 nanoparticles coated with P and O co-doped g-C3N4 were prepared via a single-step procedure. The resulting POCN/anatase TiO2 demonstrated remarkable performance in the degradation of enrofloxacin (ENFX). The photocatalytic activity of this heterojunction was 28.9 and 3.71 times better than that of the CN and anatase TiO2, respectively. The microtopography of the POCN/anatase TiO2 was revealed in this study. Co-doping with P and O increased the visible light adsorption capacity of the g-C3N4, whereas the anatase TiO2 nanoparticles enhanced the adsorption properties of the ENFX and the separation of the photoinduced carriers of the POCN/anatase TiO2. The O2·- and h+ were the main reactive oxidative species in the photocatalytic degradation of ENFX. The results of the detection of H2O2 and ESR confirmed that POCN/anatase TiO2 was a type Z-scheme photocatalyst. Finally, the ENFX degradation pathways were estimated through the detection of by-products.
Ternary catalysts based on amino-functionalized carbon quantum dots, graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets and cobalt complex for efficient H-2 evolution under visible light irradiation	Preparation of earth-abundant and noble-metal-free transition metal complexes serving as photocatalytic hydrogen evolution co-catalysts is of great challenge and significance. Here, ternary photocatalysts Co(dcbpy)(2)(NCS)(2)/CQDs/CN by amide bonds coupling Co(dcbpy)(2)(NCS)(2)[dcbpy = (4,4'-dicarboxy-2,2'-bipyridine)] with amino-functionalized carbon quantum dots (CQDs) or graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets (CN) were developed for efficient solar-to-hydrogen conversion. The amide bonds accelerate the combination of Co(dcbpy)(2)(NCS)(2) and CQDs/CN and improve the dispersion of Co(dcbpy)2(NCS)(2) on CN framework, thus leading to enhanced migration of charge carriers and absorption of visible light. In addition, the optimum photocatalytic hydrogen evolution activity of Co(dcbpy)(2)(NCS)(2)/CQDs/CN catalyst reaches 295.9 mmol h(-1) g(-1) with excellent stability after four cycling tests under visible light irradiation. The hydrogen evolution activity of 3Co(dcbpy)(2)(NCS)(2)/CQDs/CN catalyst reaches 75.02 mmol h(-1) g(-1) under monochromatic light irradiation (lambda = 450 nm) and the apparent quantum efficiency reaches 14.11%, whereas pure CN is inactive under the same condition. The amide bond between cobalt-based complex and CN plays an important role for excellent photocatalytic performance. More importantly, the composite catalysts give a new insight for designing noble-metal-free co-catalysts with excellent photocatalytic activity and high stability towards solar-to-hydrogen conversion. (c) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficient absorption of ibuprofen in aqueous solution using eco-friendly C3N4/soot composite	The removal of ibuprofen (IBP) from wastewater is a hot topic in both academic and industrial fields. Herein, we reported a novel eco-friendly absorbent C3N4/soot composite via a simple one-step pyrolysis process, which had high adsorptive activity for the removal of IBP from wastewater. Adsorption kinetic and isotherm data of the adsorption process were investigated. The adsorption capacity at room temperature for low equilibrium concentration (10 mg/L) was as high as 104 mg/g, which was very similar to the maximum adsorption capacity (148.81 mg/g). The pseudo-first-order, pseudo-second-order, and the intraparticle diffusion models could best describe adsorption kinetics of IBP on 7 wt% C3N4/soot, and adsorption isotherm is well fitted to Langmuir model. Thermodynamic parameters (Delta H, Delta G, and Delta S) indicated that IBP adsorption on C3N4/soot composite was spontaneous and endothermic. Moreover, the potential adsorption mechanism of C3N4/soot composite for the adsorption of IBP was proposed. The 7 wt% C3N4/soot composite exhibited much higher adsorptive activity and still showed a relatively high adsorption stability even after five cycles, which were potentially suitable for high efficiency and low-cost water purification.
g-C3N4-Based Heterostructured Photocatalysts	Photocatalysis is considered as one of the promising routes to solve the energy and environmental crises by utilizing solar energy. Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) has attracted worldwide attention due to its visible-light activity, facile synthesis from low-cost materials, chemical stability, and unique layered structure. However, the pure g-C3N4 photocatalyst still suffers from its low separation efficiency of photogenerated charge carriers, which results in unsatisfactory photocatalytic activity. Recently, g-C3N4-based heterostructures have become research hotspots for their greatly enhanced charge carrier separation efficiency and photocatalytic performance. According to the different transfer mechanisms of photogenerated charge carriers between g-C3N4 and the coupled components, the g-C3N4-based heterostructured photocatalysts can be divided into the following categories: g-C3N4-based conventional type II heterojunction, g-C3N4-based Z-scheme heterojunction, g-C3N4-based p-n heterojunction, g-C3N4/metal heterostructure, and g-C3N4/carbon heterostructure. This review summarizes the recent significant progress on the design of g-C3N4-based heterostructured photocatalysts and their special separation/transfer mechanisms of photogenerated charge carriers. Moreover, their applications in environmental and energy fields, e.g., water splitting, carbon dioxide reduction, and degradation of pollutants, are also reviewed. Finally, some concluding remarks and perspectives on the challenges and opportunities for exploring advanced g-C3N4-based heterostructured photocatalysts are presented.
The purification and characterization of a Thy-1-like glycoprotein from chicken brain	We have purified from chicken forebrain a membrane glycoprotein that is enriched in purified synaptic membranes and has an apparent mol.wt. of 22 800 in 15% sodium dodecyl sulphate/polyacrylamide gels. This molecule was compared with rat and human brain Thy-1 glycoproteins purified by the same procedure in order to determine whether it could be a homologue of Thy-1. Although polyvalent heterologous antisera raised against the rat and chicken molecules showed no immunological cross-reactivity with the other glycoprotein, a great deal of physical and chemical similarity was demonstrated between the chicken glycoprotein and rat Thy-1. Their apparent molecular weights, subcellular localization and amino acid and amino sugar compositions are very similar. C.d. spectra show that both molecules contain predominantly a beta-sheet and structure with no detectable alpha-helix. Electrophoretic analysis of the CNBr-cleaved molecules under reducing and non-reducing conditions shows that both molecules contain intramolecular disulphide bridges. Taken together these results suggest that the chicken brain glycoprotein is an immunologically distinct homologue of the mammalian Thy-1 glycoproteins.
Split photoelectrochemistry for the immunoassay of alpha-fetoprotein based on graphitic carbon nitride	Herein we introduce a novel, split protocol for the photoelectrochemical (PEC) immunoassay of a-fetoprotein (AFP) (taken as a model) without the need for fixing antibody/antigen on the surface of electrode. Alkaline phosphatase (ALP), as a catalytic label tracer, catalyzed the hydrolysis of the substrate of o-phosphonoxyphenol (OPP) to in situ generated an electron donor of catechol (CA), which greatly promoted the photocurrent intensity of graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4). High-throughput and improved sensitivity was achieved through a split-type PEC protocol, which separated the enzyme reaction (conducted in microwell plates) and the PEC detecting (made in a PEC cell) in different sites, avoiding the steric hindrance for the reaction between the electron donor and the immobilized g-C3N4. This signal-on PEC sensor showed excellent analytical performance to the activity of ALP. The activity of ALP was detected from 0.07 to 110 U/L. On the basis of the high sensitivity of the response of the method to ALP, immunoassay of AFP was realized with a detection linear range from 0.5 pg/mL to 100 ng/mL. A detection limit of 0.2 pg/mL was achieved for AFP. This methodology was also applied to detect AFP in serum samples with satisfactory results. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Adsorption of Lead on Sulfur-Doped Graphitic Carbon Nitride Nanosheets: Experimental and Theoretical Calculation Study	Two-dimensional (2D) layered materials for environmental remediation require abundant functional groups and high affinity for target pollutions. In this work, a heteroatom sulfur-doped graphitic carbon nitride (S-3.9%-g-C3N4) material had been fabricated by pyrolysis for S- and N-rich supra-molecular polymer precursor. A hierarchically porous structure with multimodal pore size distribution can facilitate Pb(II) ions' diffusion from wastewater to the S-3.9%-g-C3N4 surface. Batch adsorption experiments revealed that the resulting S-doped conjugated system of g-C3N4 exhibited enhanced adsorption capacity (52.63 mg g(-1)) as compared with that of individual g-C3N4 (31.25 mg g(-1)) at pH = 4.5. Accordingly, the higher adsorption ability for S-3.9%-g-C3N4 was on account of its binding sites (i.e., soft S ligand) for coordination with Pb(II) than g-C3N4. Significantly, thermodynamic parameters demonstrated that the adsorption of Pb(II) on S-3.9-g-C3N4 was a spontaneous and endothermic process, and the kinetic experiments suggested that the chemisorption governed the adsorption process. Additionally, all geometries of (S-g-C3N4) Pb(II) systems were thoughtfully constructed to explore the optimized structure, and these results were combined with the results of Density Functional Theory calculations to show that the enrichment of Pb(II) on S-3.9%-g-C3N4 was energetically favored in C3N4-S-N-3-the monosubstituted system with high E-ad value (4.75 eV), in which the chemical binding sites of S-Pb and N-Pb were further evidenced by XPS analysis. The presented results not only demonstrated a facile and environmentally friendly strategy to synthesize porous S-3.9%-g-C3N4 nanosheets with preferable Pb(II) adsorption ability, but also revealed the underlying adsorption mechanism for Pb(II) by experiments and theory simulation.
Preparing ultra-thin two-dimensional tungsten trioxide-grafted-C3N4Z heterojunction photocatalyst comprises preparing an ultra-thin two-dimensional tungsten trioxide nano-sheet and ultrathin two-dimensional grafted C3N4 nano-sheets	
Microwave assisted in situ decoration of a g-C3N4 surface with CdCO3 nanoparticles for visible light driven photocatalysis	Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) supported cadmium carbonate (CdCO3) as an organic-inorganic hybrid nanophotocatalyst was realised by an in situ microwave heating method. The hybrid composite retains the structure of each component, which was verified by p-XRD, FT-IR and solid state C-13-NMR analysis. The as-prepared hybrid g-C3N4/CdCO3 composites were evaluated as a photocatalyst towards the degradation of indigo carmine (IC) dye and inactivation of the Gram negative E. coli pathogen. In this composite, the wide band gap CdCO3 acts as an electron accepting platform from g-C3N4 and facilitates the subsequent photocatalytic reaction. The optimized hybrid g-C3N4/CdCO3-90 photocatalyst exhibits four-fold increase in the degradation of IC dye compared to pristine g-C3N4 and almost a complete mineralization of the dye occurs after 180 min of irradiation. Besides, this photocatalyst completely inhibits the growth of E. coli bacteria within 45 min of visible light irradiation. The enrichment in the photoactivity of CdCO3 decorated g-C3N4 is ascribed to the combined effects of improved visible light absorption, enhanced dye adsorption and facile separation of electron-hole pairs as evidenced by electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements. The present work may provide valuable information and insights into the microwave assisted synthesis of g-C3N4 hybrid composites and may permit a better comprehension of future advancements in high performance materials for environmental remediation applications.
Novel broad-spectrum-driven oxygen-linked band and porous defect co-modified orange carbon nitride for photodegradation of Bisphenol A and 2-Mercaptobenzothiazole	Here, we successfully synthesized the oxygen-linked band and porous defect co-modified orange carbon nitride (AF-C3N4) using a simple method. Further, the band structure calculation of its simulated structure is performed by DFT, which shows that the introduction of oxygen-linked band can adjust its band structure. The photocatalytic degradation rates of 0.3AF-C3N4 for bisphenol A and 2-mercaptobenzothiazole were 8 times and 2.73 times that of the original g-C3N4, respectively. Moreover, 0.3AF-C3N4 also shows photocatalytic activity under different wavelength light (blue, green and red light), which indicates that the synthesized materials have a broad spectrum of photocatalytic activity. Further, we proposed a possible photocatalytic degradation pathway by HPLC-MS analysis. Free radical quenching test and ESR spectra show that the generated superoxide radicals (•O2-), hydroxyl radicals (•OH) and holes (h+) cause photodegradation, while enhancing singlet oxygen (1O2) and weaken the content of hydrogen peroxide has further proved that active oxygen groups play an important role in the photocatalytic degradation process. Additionally, the 0.3AF-C3N4 can also be a photoelectrochemical sensor to detect the concentration of bisphenol A (λ ≥ 550 nm). This study provides a new strategy for the synthesis of orange carbon nitride by oxygen-linked band and porous defect co-modification for photocatalytic applications.
Catalyst-Free Growth of Three-Dimensional Graphene Flakes and Graphene/g-C3N4 Composite for Hydrocarbon Oxidation	Mass production of high-quality graphene flakes is important for commercial applications. Graphene microsheets have been produced on an industrial scale by chemical and liquid-phase exfoliation of graphite. However, strong-interaction-induced interlayer aggregation usually leads to the degradation of their intrinsic properties. Moreover, the crystallinity or layer-thickness controllability is not so perfect to fulfill the requirement for advanced technologies. Herein, we report a quartz-powder-derived chemical vapor deposition growth of three-dimensional (3D) high-quality graphene flakes and demonstrate the fabrication and application of graphene/g-C3N4 composites. The graphene flakes obtained after the removal of growth substrates exhibit the 3D curved microstructure, controllable layer thickness, good crystallinity, as well as weak interlayer interactions suitable for preventing the interlayer stacking. Benefiting from this, we achieved the direct synthesis of g-C3N4 on purified graphene flakes to form the uniform graphene/g-C3N4 composite, which provides efficient electron transfer interfaces to boost its catalytic oxidation activity of cycloalkane with relatively high yield, good selectivity, and reliable stability.
Controllable synthesized heterostructure photocatalyst Mo 2 C@C/2D g-C3N4: enhanced catalytic performance for hydrogen production	Photocatalysis is a promising technology which can be applied in the fields of energy and environment. However, low charge separation efficiency has limited its commercial applications. In this work, we report a route to a controllable synthesized visible-light-driven heterostructure photocatalyst Mo2C@C/2D g-C3N4. The interfacial conductivity was improved by introducing Mo2C@C, which promoted the transportation of photogenerated carriers and suppressed their recombination. The optimal composite achieved a hydrogen (H2) generation rate of 2269.47 μmol g-1 h-1, and an external quantum efficiency (EQE) achieved 9.07% at λ = 405 nm. Thus, the great co-catalytic activity of Mo2C@C was unambiguously demonstrated.
Whether Corrugated or Planar Vacancy Graphene-like Carbon Nitride (g-C3N4) Is More Effective for Nitrogen Reduction Reaction?	Different conformations, including planar, corrugated, as well as the deficient structure of the two-dimensional materials, play a relevant role in determining their catalytic reaction performances. Here, we systematically investigated the stabilities, electronic properties, and nitrogen activities capacity of various vacancy-modified g-C3N4 considering two different conformations (planar and corrugated) to explore the effects of nitrogen vacancy (NV) and conformations on the photocatalytic performance of g-C3N4 by means of density functional theory computations. Our results found that not only can the nitrogen vacancy (NV) promote separation efficiency of the photoinduced carriers in g-C3N4 but also the distortion conformation can activate more n ->pi* transitions of NV g-C3N4, resulting in a red shift of optical absorption spectra. More importantly, our results reveal that the corrugation configuration structure, compared to planar conformation, is much more favorable to photocatalyticnitrogen fixation reaction from the aspects of nitrogen absorption capacity and free-energy change, in which corrugation model with N-2C vacancy has the smallest onset potential (1.32 V) for the most difficult step through the alternating pathway.
Atomic- and Molecular-Level Functionalizations of Polymeric Carbon Nitride for Solar Fuel Production	Polymeric carbon nitride (PCN) is a metal-free semiconductor that has received extensive research attention due to its unique advantages such as low cost, high stability, and visible-light response. However, pristine PCN is not an ideal photocatalyst because of fast electron-hole recombination and its inert surface for molecular adsorption. Nevertheless, benefiting from the N-linked tri-s-triazine structure, PCN can be readily functionalized through chemical modifications. As such, researchers have made enormous efforts to develop various strategies for modifying PCN to achieve enhanced photocatalytic activities. Herein, recent advances in PCN functionalizations with different atomic or molecular units, including metal and nonmetal elements, small functional groups, organic functional fragments, and metal complex motifs, are summarized. Moreover, the effect of different PCN functionalization strategies on the molecular structure, optical properties, electronic behaviors, and photocatalytic activities particularly for water splitting and CO(2)reduction is discussed. In the end, the remaining challenges in the structural modification of PCN and future opportunities of functional PCN-based photocatalysts for efficient solar fuel production are elaborated on.
A highly active and durable Co-N-C electrocatalyst synthesized using exfoliated graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets	Exfoliated graphitic carbon nitride nanosheets (g-C3N4-NS) were applied for the first time for the preparation of an electrocatalyst for the oxygen reduction reaction (ORR). A less dense structure with increased surface area was observed for g-C3N4-NS compared to bulk g-C3N4 from detailed analyses including TEM, STEM, AFM with depth profiling, XRD, and UV-Vis spectroscopy. The pyrolysis of the prepared g-C3N4-NS with Co and carbon under an inert environment provided an enhanced accessibility to the N functionalities required for efficient interaction of Co and C with N for the formation of Co-N-C networks and produced a hollow and interconnected Co-N-C-NS structure responsible for high durability. The Co-N-C-NS electrocatalyst exhibited superior catalytic activity and durability and further displayed fast and selective four electron transfer kinetics for the ORR, as evidenced by various electrochemical experiments. The hollow, interconnected structure of Co-N-C-NS with increased pyridinic and graphitic N species has been proposed to play a key role in facilitating the desired ORR reaction.
Comparative analysis of the individual protoxin components in P1 crystals of Bacillus thuringiensis subsp. kurstaki isolates NRD-12 and HD-1	Two commercially important strains (NRD-12 and HD-1) of the entomopathogenic bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis subsp. kurstaki each contain three genes of partially identical sequence coding for three classes of 130-135 kDa protoxins (termed the 4.5, 5.3 and 6.6 protoxins) that display toxicity towards various lepidopteran larvae. These gene products combine to form the intracellular bipyramidal P1 crystal. Each of the genes from both strains was cloned and expressed in Escherichia coli. Analysis of the cloned genes at the restriction-endonuclease level revealed no detectable differences among genes within a particular gene class. The composition of the P1 crystal from both strains was quantitatively analysed by CNBr cleavage of the purified P1 crystal, with the purified recombinant gene products as reference proteins. Independent verification of the presence of high 6.6-protoxin gene product in the P1 crystal was provided by a rapid in vitro lawn cell toxicity assay directed against a Choristoneura fumiferana (CF-1) insect cell line. The results indicate that, although all three gene products are represented within the P1 crystal of either NRD-12 or HD-1, only the contents of the 4.5 and 5.3 protoxins vary between the two crystals, whereas the 6.6 protoxin contents are similar and represent approximately one-third of the P1 crystal in either strain.
Novel magnetically separable g-C3N4/AgBr/Fe3O4 nanocomposites as visible-light-driven photocatalysts with highly enhanced activities	La this study, we report novel magnetically separable g-C3N4/AgBr/Fe3O4 nanocomposites as visible-light-driven photocatalysts. The preparation method was simple, large-scale, and low-temperature and did not require any additives or post preparation treatments. The nanocomposites were characterized using X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscopy, energy dispersive analysis of X-rays, UV-vis diffuse reflectance spectroscopy, Fourier transform-infrared spectroscopy, thermogravimetric analysis, and vibrating sample magnetometry techniques. Photocatalytic activity of the nanocomposites was investigated by degradation of rhodamine B under visible-light irradiation. The nanocomposite with 4:1 weight ratio of g-C3N4/AgBr to Fe3O4 exhibited superior activity in the degradation reaction. Activity of this nanocomposite was about 5.3 and 5-fold higher than those of g-C3N4, and g-C3N4/Fe3O4, respectively. Moreover, we investigated the influence of refluxing time, calcination temperature, and scavengers of reactive species on the degradation activity. Finally, the photocatalyst was magnetically separated, with high efficiency, from the treated solution after five successive cycles. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd and Techna Group S.r.l. All rights reserved.
Selectively catalytic hydrogenation of styrene-butadiene rubber over Pd/g-C3N4 catalyst	Hydrogenated styrene butadiene rubber (HSBR) is a high-performance elastomer with wide applications. Herein, Pd/g-C3N4 catalysts were successfully prepared via a simple chemical reduction method and applied for the selective hydrogenation of SBR. The results indicate that Pd nanoparticles are well dispersed and stably anchored on g-C3N4 due to the coordination of Pd and N, and the catalyst exhibits a superior activity with the hydrogenation degree of 95% and 100% selectivity to C=C bonds of butadiene units in SBR at mild conditions. The excellent catalytic performance of Pd/g-C3N4 is attributed to: 1) the typical 2D-layered nanosheet structure can effectively eliminate the polymers diffusion effect; 2) the nitrogen-rich property of g-C3N4 itself is beneficial to anchoring Pd nanoparticles to obtain small-sized, well-dispersed and stable Pd catalyst; and 3) the n-n stacking interaction between the phenyl group in SBR and tri-s-triazine units of g-C3N4 allows SBR to be readily adsorbed on active sites.
Biogenic Synthesis of Graphitic Carbon Nitride for Photocatalytic Degradation of Organic Dyes	A simple approach of template growth of graphitic-carbon nitride (g-CN), a polymeric unit consisting of C, N, O, and H elements derived from extracts of green plant Aloe vera, which are rich in several chemical constituents, has been successfully experimented in this work. Comparing several other methods used for synthesizing g-CN involving a large amount of toxic components, here, we propose the simplest route economically and environmentally highly viable for near future. Green plants are highly rich in natural carbon and nitrogen compounds, such as acemannan, glucose, aloin, protein, etc. Way before g-CN research, many carbon-based materials have been synthesized for multifunctional properties, but g-CN has much benefit over them due to the presence of elements such as C, N, O, and H, thus making it electron-rich. Multifunctional properties of graphitic-carbon nitride interface bonding as a supercapacitor or as a metal-free catalyst thus help degrade dyes. Violet-blue broad band emission was even noticed when excited at 240 nm via C-C bonding (π-π* transition) in the absorption band with an extinction coefficient of ∼104 M-1 cm-1. With our research, we want to pave new ways of synthesizing such materials present in our nature in a biological form, which can protect our environment, thus causing less harm to mankind.
Characterization of carbon nitride produced by high-current vacuum arc deposition	Carbon nitride thin films were deposited using the high-current are (HCA) evaporation technique varying the pressure in the chamber and the position of the samples with respect to the evaporation source. At direct deposition the nitrogen content in the films measured by elastic recoil detection analysis saturates at an atomic ratio of 0.18 due to chemical sputtering. At positions when the substrates are shaded from the carbon plasma by the sample holder the nitrogen content increases up to 48 at. %. This observation can be explained by a decreased energy of the carbon ions, a higher arrival ratio of nitrogen to carbon ions and the high degree of ionization using the HCA technique. Varying the sample position the binding character of nitrogen to carbon atoms in the films changes from sp(3) to sp(2). When the energy of the deposited particles is reduced graphitic clusters are formed in an amorphous matrix. (C) 1997 American Vacuum Society. [S0734-2101(97)02506-2].
Engineering the carrier dynamics of g-C3N4 by rolling up planar sheets into nanotubes via ultrasonic cavitation	Rolling up 2D atomic layered materials into 1D nanotubes gives rise to fascinating properties due to their lower dimension, higher anisotropy, and strain effects. In this work, the curving of 2D graphitic C3N4 (g-C3N4) sheets into 1D nanotubes is demonstrated for the first time through simple and clean ultrasonic treatments. The steady-state optical transitions are slightly enhanced while the localized trapping of excited carriers is considerably suppressed after rolling up the planar sheets into nanotubes. The mechanical method to modulate the dimension scarcely changes the chemical structures, enabling the pure investigation on shape-induced physical effects. As a proof of principle, this work confirms the dynamics of excited carriers, and the photoelectronic properties of 2D semiconductors can be significantly engineered by a simple morphological evolution.
Introduction of nitrogen defects into a graphitic carbon nitride framework by selenium vapor treatment for enhanced photocatalytic hydrogen production	Graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) is a metal-free semiconductor photocatalyst that has attracted significant attention due to its promising application in photocatalytic hydrogen production. However, pristine g-C3N4 suffers from a high recombination rate of photo-generated charge carriers and also has a limited visible-light absorption range, resulting in low photocatalytic activity. Herein, we report on the preparation and testing of a g-C3N4 photocatalyst with tunable nitrogen defects that delivered improved photocatalytic activity. The nitrogen defects were gradually introduced into the g-C3N4 framework by a selenium vapor treatment of pure g-C3N4, which resulted in improved, stable catalytic activity for photocatalytic hydrogen production. Based on the experimental results and DFT calculations, we proposed that the enhanced photoactivity is attributed to the defect state (DS) formed by the nitrogen vacancy (VN) in the unit cell of g-C3N4 and a small widening of visible light absorption. This nitrogen-based photocatalyst with nitrogen deficiencies was found to deliver an average hydrogen generation rate of 1.16 mmol g(-1) h(-1) at room temperature (25 degrees C), which was 3.4 times greater than pristine g-C3N4. This process of introducing nitrogen defects into the graphitic carbon provides a promising way for enhancing the photocatalytic activity of g-C3N4-based materials for hydrogen production.
Sulfur/g-C3N4 Composites with Enhanced Visible Light Photocatalytic Activity	Composite photocatalysts consisting of different ratios of sulfur and graphitic carbon nitride (S/g-C3N4) were prepared by chemical reduction. The resulted S/g-C3N4 composite photocatalysts were characterized and their photocatalytic activity was evaluated using rhodamine B as a probe. The S/g-C3N4 exhibits obviously enhanced photocatalytic activity under visible light irradiation, which is much higher than that of pure sulfur and g-C3N4. The S/g-C3N4 composite was very stable during the reaction and can be used repeatedly. The synergistic effect between sulfur and g-C3N4 was found to be responsible for the improvement of the separation of photogenerated electrons and holes. The holes (h(+)) and superoxide (O-center dot(2)-) were the main active species in the photocatalytic degradation of rhodamine B. The study provides new insight to develop high performance composite photocatalysts without any metal oxide or metal sulfide for environmental remediation.
Microwave preparation of fluorine-doped graphitic carbon nitride photocatalytic material used for photocatalytic degradation of pharmaceuticals and personal care products by microwave etching graphitic carbon nitride body	
Structural and Mechanical Properties of a-BCN Films Prepared by an Arc-Sputtering Hybrid Process	Amorphous boron carbon nitride (a-BCN) films exhibit excellent properties such as high hardness and high wear resistance. However, the correlation between the film structure and its mechanical properties is not fully understood. In this study, a-BCN films were prepared by an arc-sputtering hybrid process under various coating conditions, and the correlations between the film's structure and mechanical properties were clarified. Glow discharge optical emission spectroscopy, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy, and Raman spectroscopy were used to analyze the structural properties and chemical composition. Nanoindentation and ball-on-disc tests were performed to evaluate the hardness and to estimate the friction coefficient and wear volume, respectively. The results indicated that the mechanical properties strongly depend on the carbon content in the film; it decreases significantly when the carbon content is <90%. On the other hand, by controlling the contents of boron and nitrogen to a very small amount (up to 2.5 at.%), it is possible to synthesize a film that has nearly the same hardness and friction coefficient as those of an amorphous carbon (a-C) film and better wear resistance than the a-C film.
Amorphous carbon nitride as an alternative electrode material in electroanalysis: simultaneous determination of dopamine and ascorbic acid	Boron-doped diamond (BDD) films are excellent electrode materials, whose electrochemical activity for some analytes can be tuned by controlling their surface termination, most commonly either to predominantly hydrogen or oxygen. This tuning can be accomplished by e.g. suitable cathodic or anodic electrochemical pretreatments. Recently, it has been shown that amorphous carbon nitride (a-CNx) films may present electrochemical characteristics similar to those of BDD, including the influence of surface termination on their electrochemical activity toward some analytes. In this work, we report for the first time a complete electroanalytical method using an a-CNx electrode. Thus, an a-CNx film deposited on a stainless steel foil by DC magnetron sputtering is proposed as an alternative electrode for the simultaneous determination of dopamine (DA) and ascorbic acid (AA) in synthetic biological samples by square-wave voltammetry. The obtained results are compared with those attained using a BDD electrode. For both electrodes, a same anodic pretreatment in 0.1 mol L(-1) KOH was necessary to attain an adequate and equivalent separation of the DA and AA oxidation potential peaks of about 330 mV. The detection limits obtained for the simultaneous determination of these analytes using the a-CNx electrode were 0.0656 μmol L(-1) for DA and 1.05 μmol L(-1) for AA, whereas with the BDD electrode these values were 0.283 μmol L(-1) and 0.968 μmol L(-1), respectively. Furthermore, the results obtained in the analysis of the analytes in synthetic biological samples were satisfactory, attesting the potential application of the a-CNx electrode in electroanalysis.
Synthesis of zeolite NaY and its nanocomposites with chitosan as adsorbents for lead(II) removal from aqueous solution	Zeolites NaY, L and several other zeolites such as NaP, Z, Phillipsite-Na, Perlialite and Fujasite-Na along with orthoclase mineral were synthesized by changing the reaction parameters including the Si/AI ratio, template as well as crystallization temperature, time and status (static or dynamic). Considering the results of 18 and 22 reactions performed for the synthesis of zeolites Land NaY, respectively, it was found that the reaction conditions could strongly affect the product crystal structure and morphology. In addition, some nanocomposites of zeolite with chitosan (CS) and crosslinked CS (CCS) were fabricated containing varying amounts of Y (5-50%). The structural and morphological properties of the zeolites and nanocomposites were analyzed using XRD, SEM, N-2 adsorption-desorption and FT-IR techniques. The average particle sizes measured from the SEM micrographs for the zeolites were changed in the range of 50-100 nm (in Y4 and Y5) to 3-20 mu m (in Y1). Furthermore, the abilities of the zeolites and nanocomposites were evaluated as adsorbents for removal of lead(II) heavy metal ions from aqueous solution. The optimum conditions obtained for the removal of 100 ppm Pb(II) cations using all adsorbents were adsorbent dosage = 10 mg, pH = 6 and contact time = 60 min. The maximum adsorption capacities were obtained equal to 454.5, 54.95 and 24.45 mg g(-1) using the Y, CCS-Y(5%) and CCS, respectively, indicating the adsorption efficacy was varied in the order Y > CCS-Y(5%) > CCS. Kinetics studies proved that Pb(II) adsorption using all adsorbents followed second-order model which illustrated chemisorption of the target analyte was happened on the adsorbent surface. The Langmuir, Freundlich and Temkin isotherms were examined and it was verified that the adsorption data using all adsorbents were well matched to the Langmuir isotherm model. The reusability test certified that all adsorbents preserved more than similar to 92-97% of their original sorption capacities after five cycles of adsorption-desorption experiments demonstrating these are highly beneficial samples for application in the water treatment processes. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Environmental Hazard Potential of Nano-Photocatalysts Determined by Nano-Bio Interactions and Exposure Conditions	
Sulfur-Doped Mesoporous Carbon Nitride with an Ordered Porous Structure for Sodium-Ion Batteries	Mesoporous carbon nitride (MCN) with well-ordered porous structures is a promising anode material for secondary ion batteries owing to their unique physico- and electrochemical properties. However, the practical application of these MCNs in sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) is still limited because of their confined interlayer distance, which results in restricted accommodation of Na ions inside the lattice. Here, we report on the synthesis of highly ordered sulfur-doped MCN (S-MCN) through a hard template approach by employing dithiooxamide (DTO) as a single molecular precursor containing carbon, nitrogen, and sulfur elements. The interlayer distance of carbon nitride is significantly expanded upon the introduction of larger S ions on the MCN lattice, which enables high capability of Na ion accommodation. We also demonstrate through the first-principles density functional theory calculation that the present S-MCN is highly optimized not only for the chemical structure but also for uptaking abundant Na ions with high adsorption energy. The specific discharge capacity of SIBs appears to be remarkably enhanced for S-MCN (304.2 mA h g-1) compared to the nonporous S-CN (167.9 mA h g-1) and g-C3N4 (5.4 mA h g-1), highlighting the pivotal roles of the highly ordered mesoporous structure and S-doping in enhancing the electrochemical functionality of carbon nitride as an anode material for SIBs.
Thermal stability of carbon nitride thin films prepared by electron cyclotron resonance plasma assisted pulsed laser deposition	Carbon nitride (CNx) thin films with high nitrogen content were deposited on Si (100) substrates by using electron cyclotron resonance nitrogen plasma assisted pulsed laser deposition (ECR-PLD), and their thermal stability were studied by examining their composition and bonding behaviors upon post-deposition heat annealing in vacuum and in nitrogen ambient. The as-deposited films contain nitrogen content varying around 50 at.% and are primarily amorphous containing several bonding configurations between carbon and nitrogen atoms with different bond components depending on bias voltage applied to the substrates. In addition to the D, G and L Raman bands reported for most CNx thin films, three prominent Raman peaks were observed at 170, 260 and 616 cm(-1) from our as-deposited films. Composition analysis by Rutherford backscattering spectroscopy measurement and chemical structure characterization by Fourier Transform infrared spectroscopy and Raman scattering measurements showed that the ECR-PLD deposited CNx thin films are quite stable upon annealing in vacuum up to 750 degrees C. The CNx films exhibit even higher thermal stability in nitrogen ambient. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Preparation of an ultrathin 2D/2D rGO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite with enhanced visible-light-driven photocatalytic performance	A simple solvent method was developed to construct an ultrathin 2D/2D rGO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite using a suspension of thermally exfoliated g-C3N4 nanosheets and graphene oxide (GO) followed by a NaHSO3 reducing process. Different from the g-C3N4 bulk, the results revealed that the g-C3N4 nanosheets and rGO components in the as-prepared ultrathin nanocomposite have a strong interfacial interaction and abundant coupling interfaces. Moreover, improved visible light absorption properties and fast charge carrier separation efficiency were observed in the ultrathin 2D/2D rGO/g-C3N4 nanocomposite, as compared to the pure g-C3N4 nanosheets, which ensures its enhanced photocatalytic activity for methyl orange (MO) degradation and CO2 photoreduction. It was confirmed that the thermally exfoliated g-C3N4 nanosheet is a good 2D material for the construction of 2D/2D heterostructures.
Megamerger of MOFs and g-C3N4for energy and environment applications: upgrading the framework stability and performance	Metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) possess large surface area, adjustable pore size and synthetic adaptability which make them promising candidates for diverse applications. However, the low stability and selectivity of pure MOFs are not the optimal configuration for practical applications. Studies have confirmed that the controllable integration of MOFs with graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) not only improves the stability and conductivity of pure MOFs, but also unexpectedly yields new functionalities. These advantages allow the synthesized g-C3N4/MOF-based materials to be applicable to fields other than pure MOFs and have attracted widespread attention in recent years. Herein, the review aims to specifically group together the important reports focused on g-C3N4/MOF-based materials till now. The synthetic methods and applications of composite materials are studied and classified. Furthermore, the review also highlights the functionalities produced by the synergy of two interesting materials, and finally paints a picture of the future.
Sulfur-Modified Graphitic Carbon Nitride Nanostructures as an Efficient Electrocatalyst for Water Oxidation	There is an urgent need to develop metal-free, low cost, durable, and highly efficient catalysts for industrially important oxygen evolution reactions. Inspired by natural geodes, unique melamine nanogeodes are successfully synthesized using hydrothermal process. Sulfur-modified graphitic carbon nitride (S-modified g-CN x ) electrocatalysts are obtained by annealing these melamine nanogeodes in situ with sulfur. The sulfur modification in the g-CN x structure leads to excellent oxygen evolution reaction activity by lowering the overpotential. Compared with the previously reported nonmetallic systems and well-established metallic catalysts, the S-modified g-CN x nanostructures show superior performance, requiring a lower overpotential (290 mV) to achieve a current density of 10 mA cm-2 and a Tafel slope of 120 mV dec-1 with long-term durability of 91.2% retention for 18 h. These inexpensive, environmentally friendly, and easy-to-synthesize catalysts with extraordinary performance will have a high impact in the field of oxygen evolution reaction electrocatalysis.
Multiple phosphorylation of rat-liver glycogen synthase by protein kinases	The phosphorylation sites in liver synthase were studied using gel filtration and high performance liquid chromatography of 32P-labeled tryptic peptides. Phosphorylase b kinase, calmodulin-dependent glycogen synthase kinase and glycogen synthase kinase 4 from liver phosphorylated the same low Mr tryptic peptide. cAMP-dependent protein kinase mainly phosphorylated the low Mr tryptic peptide, but also incorporated phosphate into two other peptides. Glycogen synthase kinase 5 phosphorylated a single tryptic peptide, whereas glycogen synthase kinase 3 phosphorylated several tryptic peptides. Calcium-phospholipid-dependent protein kinase phosphorylated two tryptic peptides, the major one of which had the same chromatographic properties as the low Mr peptide described above. These findings confirm that liver glycogen synthase undergoes multi-site phosphorylation and suggest that the topography of the sites is generally similar to that in muscle glycogen synthase.
Thermal transport properties of graphite carbon nitride	Graphite carbon nitride (GCN), which can be regarded as a nitrogen heteroatom-substituted graphite framework, has attracted great attention as a new 2D layered structure material with semiconductor electronic characteristics. Using molecular dynamics simulations, the in-plane thermal conductivity and cross-plane thermal resistance of two GCN structures (i.e., triazine-based and heptazine-based) are investigated. Our results show that the in-plane thermal conductivities of the triazine-based and heptazine-based GCN monolayers along the armchair direction are 55.39 and 17.81 W m-1 K-1, respectively. The cross-plane thermal resistance decreases with increasing layer number and reaches asymptotic values of 3.6 × 10-10 and 9.3 × 10-10 m2 K W-1 at 40 layers for triazine-based and heptazine-based GCN, respectively. The in-plane thermal conductivity can be effectively manipulated by changing the temperature and applying strain, while it is insensitive to the number of layers, which is in sharp contrast to that of graphene. Moreover, the cross-plane thermal resistance decreases monotonically with temperature and coupling strength, and can be modulated by external strain. Surprisingly, the cross-plane tensile strain can reduce the thermal resistance of the heptazine-based GCN. Our study serves as a guide to groups interested in the physical properties of GCN.
Carbon nitride with electron storage property: Enhanced exciton dissociation for high-efficient photocatalysis	Excitonic effect, originated from the strong Coulomb attraction between electron and hole, plays an important role in the photocatalytic process of polymeric materials but has been long ignored. In view point of hot-carriers generation, the dissociation of Frenkel excitons is proposed as an effective way to improve the photocatalytic performance of polymeric photocatalysts. Herein, by taking graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) as an example, we verify that endowing g-C3N4 with electron storage ability can facilitate exciton dissociation by extracting electrons from bound electron-hole couples around the electron stotage sites, therefore enhancing the hot-carriers harvest and suppressing the charge recombination. Benefiting from these advantages, the as-prepared material demonstrates excellent photocatalytic performance for both H-2 evolution and H2O2 generation. As a result, the apparent quantum yield (AQY) for H-2 evolution at 420 nm reaches 55%, which is much higher than most of the reported polymeric materials. The study described here offers a new way for designing advanced polymeric photocatalysts toward high performance solar energy conversion via excitonic engineering.
C3N4 Nanosheet Modified Microwell Array with Enhanced Electrochemiluminescence for Total Analysis of Cholesterol at Single Cells	Here, a g-C3N4 nanosheet modified microwell array providing enhanced electrochemiluminescence (ECL) and better visible sensitivity was prepared to simultaneously analyze total (membrane and intracellular) cholesterol at single cells. The detection limit for ECL visualization of hydrogen peroxide at microwell array was improved to be 500 nM that guaranteed the detection of low concentration cholesterol at single cells in parallel. To achieve single cell cholesterol analysis, the individual cells cultured at the microwell array were exposed to cholesterol oxidase generating hydrogen peroxide for luminescence analysis of membrane cholesterol, and then treated with triton X-100, cholesterol esterase, and cholesterol oxidase to produce hydrogen peroxide from intracellular cholesterol for luminescence determination. The observation of the luminescence spots at microwells in these two steps confirmed the codetection of membrane and intracellular cholesterol at single cells. The inhibition of intracellular acyl-coA/cholesterol acyltransferase (ACAT) resulted in less intracellular cholesterol storage (less luminescence) and more membrane cholesterol (more luminescence). The correlation of the luminescence intensity with the amount of cholesterol confirmed that our assay could simultaneously monitor membrane and intracellular cholesterol pools at different cellular states, which should offer more information for the study of cholesterol-related pathways at single cells.
Structural comparison between the mitochondrial aralkyl-CoA and arylacetyl-CoA N-acyltransferases	The aralkyl and arylacetyl transferases were purified to homogeneity from bovine kidney by a slight modification of a previous procedure. The M(r) of the arylacetyl transferase was estimated to be 33,500 by SDS/PAGE and that of the aralkyl transferase to be 33,750 by a combination of SDS/PAGE and gel-filtration analysis. N-Terminal-sequence analysis indicated a blocked N-terminus for the arylacetyl transferase and gave the following sequence for the aralkyl transferase: M-F-L-L-Q-G-A-Q-M-L-Q-M-L-E-K. Amino acid analysis revealed differences in composition between the two enzymes. Most notable was the fact that the aralkyl transferase had more methionine and leucine. This difference could be partially accounted for by assuming that the methionine-and-leucine-rich N-terminus was missing from the arylacetyl transferase. Chemical cleavage of the two enzymes at methionine residues using CNBr gave rise to several peptides for each enzyme. N-Terminal-sequence analysis of the 8000-M(r) peptide from the arylacetyl transferase gave a sequence with 69% similarity to the 9000-M(r) peptide from the aralkyl transferase. This was taken to indicate a common origin for the two enzymes.
MnO2 and carbon nanotube co-modified C3N4 composite catalyst for enhanced water splitting activity under visible light irradiation	MnO2 and carbon nanotube co-modified C3N4 (CNTs/MnO2-C3N4) ternary composite was synthesized. The prepared catalyst was investigated by X-ray diffraction, transmission electron microscopy, UVVis absorption spectroscopy, nitrogen sorption, X-ray spectroscopy, photoluminescence spectroscopy and transient photocurrent responses. The photocatalytic activity of the ternary catalyst was evaluated by hydrogen and oxygen evolution for visible-light-driven water splitting without the addition of sacrificial agents. Compared with MnO2/C3N4 and CNTs/C3N4 catalysts, the CNTs/MnO2-C3N4 ternary catalyst showed an enhanced visible light-induced water splitting activity with a H-2 evolution rate of 122 mu mol h(-1). In the CNTs/MnO2-C3N4 ternary catalyst, CNT can capture the electron from C3N4 and facilitate hydrogen evolution, and MnO2 catalyzes the decomposition of hydrogen peroxide for O-2 evolution, leading to the efficient separation of photogenerated electron-hole pairs, thus an enhanced water splitting performance is achieved. (C) 2016 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Two CEA and three NCA species, although distinguishable by monoclonal antibodies, have nearly identical peptide patterns	In perchloric acid extracts of normal lung and colonic tumors, 3 NCA molecules were identified by monoclonal antibodies that cross-reacted with CEA, which itself gave 2 bands in SDS-PAGE. The proteins had molecular weights of 50, 75 and 97 kd, while the 2 CEA molecules banded at 180 and 160 kd in SDS-PAGE. No MAb recognized only one molecule, with the exception of MAb 3/13 which precipitated solely the upper CEA band. Analysis of the biochemical relationship of the cross-reactive antigens showed that none of them contained any internal methionine. Furthermore, after digestion by thermolysin, the peptide maps of the immunoprecipitated molecules showed very close similarities, if not identity. When the cross-reactive and the CEA were compared, the only differences found were in the upper CEA band, which apparently lacked one hydrophobic peptide, while the 97 kd cross-reacting protein showed one extra peptide. We conclude from our results that CEA and the cross-reacting molecules are composed of nearly identical, small (i.e. less than 50 kd) polypeptide chains.
Room-Temperature Tandem Condensation-Hydrogenation Catalyzed by Porous C3N4 Nanosheet-Supported Pd Nanoparticles	Tandem catalysis, often inspired by biological systems, offers many advantages in the synthesis of highly functionalized small molecules. NH2-grafted porous C3N4 nanosheet with rich N species and surface area of 138 m(2)/g was fabricated via a NH3-exfoliation method. After supporting Pd nanoparticles, the resulting bifunctional catalyst (Pd/C3N4-NH2) could catalyze a one-step tandem condensation-hydrogenation reaction between ketones and nitriles to form alpha-alkylated nitriles at room temperature. Under 2 MPa H-2 for 8 h, Pd/C3N4-NH2 could afford 99.7% cyclohexanone conversion and 99.8% selectivity without other side reactions, which is much higher than that of bulk C3N4-supported Pd. Compared with commonly used two-step processes, this one-step tandem reaction could largely shorten reaction time and allow condensation-hydrogenation to take place at room temperature. We also found that the hydrogenation step accelerated the condensation step, which increased the overall efficiency of the tandem transformation. This catalytic system demonstrates the design of a bifunctional catalyst with cooperative sites that allow the tandem reaction to take place in one step under mild conditions.
Amino acid sequence analysis of human interleukin 1 (IL-1). Evidence for biochemically distinct forms of IL-1	The pI-6.8 species of normal human interleukin 1 (IL-1) has been isolated by ion-exchange and reverse-phase high-performance liquid chromatography. The isolated material had a molecular weight of 18,000, and had a specific bioactivity of 1.7 X 10(7) half-maximal U/mg in the murine thymocyte proliferation assay, values similar to those obtained for murine P388D1-derived IL-1 (12), and human IL-1 isolated by a previously published purification protocol (15). Amino-terminal sequence analysis revealed a single N-terminal, and resulted in the identification of 30 of the first 35 amino acid residues. Sequence of three CNBr cleavage fragments of purified IL-1 resulted in the identification of an additional 38 residues. All of the sequences agree exactly with those deduced from complementary DNA (cDNA) by Auron, et al. (18), demonstrating that this cloned cDNA, though considerably different from the cDNA reported for murine IL-1 (12), nevertheless codes for the pI-6.8 species of human IL-1. The evidence also shows that the precursor protein for human IL-1 is largely processed at the N-terminal end. Little or no processing occurs at the carboxy-terminal end. Sequence homology with interferon-inducing factor (26) suggests that the pI-6.8 species of human IL-1 is a member of a gene family. Although equally potent in the murine thymocyte proliferation assay, murine IL-1 and the pI-6.8 species of human IL-1 are structurally distinct. Further study will answer the interesting question as to the relationship of the other charged species of human IL-1 to these distinct IL-1 classes.
Sm-doped mesoporous g-C3N4 as efficient catalyst for degradation of tylosin: Influencing factors and toxicity assessment	Tylosin (TYL), as a difficult degradable antibiotic, has a high risk in inducing drug-resistant bacteria. Photocatalysis technology is identified as an effective method to removal TYL from water. Here, the Sm-doped g-C3N4 (SCN) was synthesized to serve as a novel photocatalyst for degradation of TYL. The characterization results showed that the SCN was embedded with unique mesoporous structure and excellent capacity of charge transportation. In addition, the tests of leaching toxicity, carried out with seed germination and E. coli, demonstrated that the SCN-x were safe in water treatment process. The Sm doping greatly enhanced the photocatalytic performance of g-C3N4 for degradation of TYL and Rhodamine B. It could realize a 3.55 (2.01) times higher than that of CN when the Sm doping amount was 0.025%. The environmental conditions on photocatalytic performance of SCN were systematically investigated, including initial pH, concentration of TYL solution, aeration rate and anion species. All experimental results indicated that the SCN-x catalyst might act as a promising candidate catalyst in photocatalyzation of antibiotic.
A high-performance fluorescent probe for dopamine detection based on g-C3N4 nanofibers	A novel fluorescent sensor based on g-C3N4 nanofibers for the sensitive detection of dopamine (DA) has been proposed. We synthesized g-C3N4 nanofibers by directly hydrolyzing bulk g-C3N4 in the alkaline atmosphere (3 M NaOH). The obtained ultrathin g-C3N4 nanofibers were verified by characterizations of Transmission electronic microscope (TEM), X-ray diffractometer (XRD), Fourier transformation-infrared (FT-IR) and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). It was found that the fluorescence intensity of g-C3N4 nanofibers was obviously quenched by DA. Fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) between DA and g-C3N4 nanofibers led to the fluorescence reduction of g-C3N4 nanofibers. The fluorescent probe based on g-C3N4 nanofibers exhibits linear responses to the concentration of DA in the range from 0 to 4 μM and 4 to 20 μM, the limit of detection is 17 nM. The fluorescent probe shows excellent stability, good selectivity with its application in serums.
Facile fabrication of Zn-doped SnO2 nanoparticles for enhanced photocatalytic dye degradation performance under visible light exposure	The pure and Zn-doped SnO2 (Zn: SnO2) nanoparticles (NPs) were prepared by facile hydrothermal assisted precipitation way. The optical, structural and photocatalytic properties were sensibly studied. The XRD pattern exposed that the samples have directly fashioned tetragonal SnO2 crystallites by the absence of any zinc crystalline segment at all the doping concentration (0, 2 and 4%). According to UV-vis. DRS optical absorption measurements were escorted through a reduction in the bandgap value since 3.4 eV for undoped/pristine SnO2 to 3.2 eV for 4% Zn: SnO2 NPs. The photocatalytic properties of as-obtained Zn: SnO2 photocatalysts (PCs) were evaluated through the photodegradation of MB dye under visible light treatment. The 4% of Zn-doped SnO2 PCs accessible superior photocatalytic ability and reusability, which could be primarily recognized to dopant of Zn centres, with leads to a nearly (93.03%) discolouration of the MB dye solution in 120 min of visible light exposure. Likewise, the 4% Zn doping concentrated catalyst has almost 2.65 and 1.29 times greater than undoped and 2% Zn-doped SnO2 PCs, and also the possible photocatalytic mechanism process was systematically discussed.
SYNTHESIS OF LOW-DENSITY AND HIGH HARDNESS CARBON SPHERES CONTAINING NITROGEN AND OXYGEN	The synthesis of new carbon compounds is of considerable interest in modern materials science. The recent report by Niu et al. [1] of the experimental realization of the beta-C3N4 covalent solid predicted theoretically by Liu and Cohen [2] has opened up the possibility of producing a new family of materials with a hardness close to that of a diamond. In the present work we report the growth for the first time of a new all covalent material with contains C, N and O. The material was produced by thermal decomposition of an hydrocarbon at high temperatures. Most of the solid has the chemical composition; CxNyOz with x similar or equal to 4, y similar or equal to 1 and z similar or equal to 0.025 and is made of filaments forming a web. The material has a density of 1.59 g cm(-3) which corresponds to that of the low density graphites and hardness of 1929 kg mm(-2) (Vickers). This last value is larger than that corresponding to the hardest known steels. High resolution electron microscopy, electron diffraction and X-ray diffraction indicate that the crystalline nature of the C4NO0.025 corresponds with a cubic lattice with a = 7.38 Angstrom. The results of this work show the possibility of producing light materials with a very large hardness which might yield useful applications.
Gold Nanoparticle-Decorated g-C3N4 Nanosheets for Controlled Generation of Reactive Oxygen Species upon 670 nm Laser Illumination	Conventional photosensitizer-based photodynamic therapy is triggered by UV-light irradiation and depends on oxygen. However, it is hard to be applied to the deep and hypoxic tumor. To address this issue, we reported a new kind of g-C3N4 nanosheet decorated with gold nanoparticles (AuNPs), which could generate a high amount of reactive oxygen species (ROS) under a 670 nm laser irradiation in an oxygen-free environment. This synthesized semiconductor metal heterojunction served as a superior photodynamic agent, showing prominent cancer cell-killing and tumor growth-suppressing effects in the presence of a 670 nm light and g-C3N4-AuNP composites, and its excellent ROS generation property was also validated by further bactericidal experiment.
Cubic-C3N4 nanoparticles synthesized in CNx/TiNx multilayer films	Cubic-C3N4 nanoparticles were synthesized in CNx/TiNx multilayer films by a nitrogen ion beam sputtering in situ titanium and graphite targets alternatively. The C-N bonding states within the CNx layers, the morphologies and structure of compounds in the films have been investigated by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and X-ray diffraction (XRD), respectively. Two types of bonding states, N-sp(2)C and N-sp(3)C, exist predominantly in the CNx layer, and crystalline particles with sizes of 10-60 nm were observed in the CNx layer of the films. Their diffraction data can be assigned to the cubic-C3N4 structure. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Boron carbon nitride based metal-insulator-metal UV detectors for harsh environment applications	A metal-insulator-metal (MIM) structure using boron carbon nitride (BCN) was tested for its UV detection capability. Since BCN is one of the hardest and chemically robust materials, it is expected to be a potential choice for a UV detector in extreme and harsh conditions. The BCN thin films were deposited using a dual target RF magnetron sputtering process. The optoelectronic performance of the BCN MIM devices were examined through UV photocurrent measurements. A UV photocurrent of two orders of magnitude higher with respect to dark current was achieved in the range of -3 to 3 V.
Electrodeposition of carbon nitride nanosheets on the graphenized pencil lead as an effective sorbent	This study introduces a green, cheap, easy to prepare and powerful solid phase microextraction ( SPME) sorbent for analytical monitoring applications. Here, graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) nanosheets have been prepared on graphenized pencil lead (GPL) as a sorbent by a one-step electrochemical reduction for the first time. GPL not only serves as a fiber platform for g-C3N4 but also significantly enhances the immobilization of g-C3N4 by pi-pi interaction, and it enhances the adsorption ability of g-C3N4 (similar to 2 times). Moreover, due to the study of adsorption capacity of g-C3N4, PAHs as model analytes were chosen. After the SPME procedure, the extraction phase was injected to HPLC-UV for the determination of PAHs. The prepared fiber with the g-C3N4 green sorbent showed ultrasensitive and rapid detection of PAHs with an unprecedented method. The limits of detection (LODs) were in the 0.001-0.1 mu g L-1 range in a wide linear range from 0.0025 to 200 mu g L-1, while the precision was very satisfactory (maximum relative standard deviation: RSD = 7.8%) considering the non-automated nature of the method. In addition, the real sample analysis showed acceptable recoveries in the range of 78-108%.
Core-shell nanosphere comprises molybdenum disulfide nanospheres as core, graphitic carbon nitride as shell encapsulated on outer side, which are bonded together to form molybdenum disulfide-graphitic carbon nitride core-shell nanospheres	
Fabrication of ternary g-C3N4/Al2IO3/ZnO heterojunctions based on cascade electron transfer toward molecular oxygen activation	The mismatches of lattices and energy bands in heterojunction are the dominant factors restricting the generation efficiency of reactive oxygen species (ROS) that are powerful tools for water purification and anti-bacteria. In this paper, the mediated lattice matching role of amorphous Al2O3 is presented for constructing the ternary g-C3N4/Al2O3 /ZnO heterojunctions, which exhibit higher molecular oxygen activation performance than binary g-C3N4/ZnO and g-C3N4/Al2O3 heterojunctions. The oxygen activation ability and the ROS generation were testified by the electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) measurement, transformation of nitroblue tetrazolium (NBT) and degradation of methylene blue (MB). The ROS include superoxide anion radical (O-2(-)) and consequent product of hydroxyl radical ((OH)-O-center dot). The superior oxygen activation performance of the ternary heterojunctions can be attributed to the lattices matching of the mediated amorphous Al2O3 and the resultant efficient cascade electron transfer. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Graphitic Carbon Nitride Supported Catalysts for Polymer Electrolyte Fuel Cells	Graphitic carbon nitrides are investigated for developing highly durable Pt electrocatalyst supports for polymer electrolyte fuel cells (PEFCs). Three different graphitic carbon nitride materials were synthesized with the aim to address the effect of crystallinity, porosity, and composition on the catalyst support properties: polymeric carbon nitride (gCNM), poly(triazine) imide carbon nitride (PTI/Li+Cl-), and boron-doped graphitic carbon nitride (B-gCNM). Following accelerated corrosion testing, all graphitic carbon nitride materials are found to be more electrochemically stable compared to conventional carbon black (Vulcan XC-72R) with B-gCNM support showing the best stability. For the supported catalysts, Pt/PTI-Li+Cl- catalyst exhibits better durability with only 19% electrochemical surface area (ECSA) loss versus 36% for Pt/Vulcan after 2000 scans. Superior methanol oxidation activity is observed for all graphitic carbon nitride supported Pt catalysts on the basis of the catalyst ECSA.
Tuning the electronic properties of graphene-graphitic carbon nitride heterostructures and heterojunctions by using an electric field	
Facile synthesis and enhanced visible-light photoactivity of DyVO4/g-C3N4I composite semiconductors	DyVO4/iodine modified graphitic carbon nitride (DyVO4/g-C3N4I) composite semiconductors with different weight percents of DyVO4 were successfully synthesized by a facile heating method, and characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), UV-vis diffuse reflection spectroscopy (UV-vis DRS),. photoluminescence (PL) and electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectra, N-2 adsorption-desorption analysis and photo-electrochemical measurement. The resulting DyVO4/g-C3N4I semiconductor with a suitable weight percents of 6.3% DyVO4 showed the highest visible-light photoactivity, and its degradation ratio for methylene blue was more than 1.8 time higher than that of DyVO4, g-C3N4 and g-C3N4I. The H-2 evolution rate of 63% DYVO4/gC(3)N4 I was 10.6,4.7 and1,7 times higher than that of DyVO4, g-C3N4 and g-C3N4I, respectively, while still having excellent reusability and stability. The obviously enhanced photoactivity of 6.3% DyVO4/g-C3N4I is mainly ascribed to the fact that the proper DyVO4 modified g-C3N4I increase its specific surface area, decrease band-gap energy, enhance absorption in the 400-700 nm region and promote efficient separation of photo-generated carriers. The mechanism on the improvement of visible-light photoactivity is discussed. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Multiple surface plasmon resonances enhanced nonlinear optical microscopy	The nonlinear optical microscopies of coherent two-photon excited fluorescence and anti-Stokes Raman scattering are strongly enhanced by multiple surface plasmon resonances (MSPRs). The Au@Ag nanorods presented strong MSPRs peaks at 800 and 400 nm, and can enhance nonlinear optical microscopy at fundamental and double frequencies, respectively. A two-dimensional (2D) material of g-C3N4, is employed to study the plasmon-enhanced nonlinear optical microscopy by the femtosecond laser. The electric analysis reveals that the MSPRs of the Au@Ag nanorod can significantly enhance the signals of two-photon excited fluorescence and anti-Stokes Raman scattering by up to the orders of 10(4) and 10(16), respectively. The results demonstrate the great advantages of plasmonenhanced nonlinear optical microscopy for the optical analysis on 2D materials, thus providing a new adventure for increasing the optical resolutions of nonlinear optical microscopy.
NiO and Co3O4 co-doped g-C3N4 nanocomposites with excellent photoelectrochemical properties under visible light for detection of tetrabromobisphenol-A	Novel NiO/Co3O4/g-C3N4 nanocomposites with applications in photoelectrochemical sensing were designed and fabricated for the first time in this work. The morphology and microstructure of NiO/Co3O4/g-C3N4 were comprehensive investigated. The NiO/Co3O4/g-C3N4 nanocomposites exhibited higher photocurrent and donor density than those of pure g-C3N4, resulting in a higher photoelectrochemical activity for sensitive detection of TBBP-A in real water samples.
Composition and bonding properties of carbon nitride films grown by electrochemical deposition using acrylonitrile liquid	Carbon nitride films were grown electrochemically through the application of a bias voltage to Si substrates immersed in acrylonitrile liquid. Continuous and uniform films were grown by the application of both negative and positive bias voltages. X-ray photoelectron spectra (XPS) of the grown films were studied to clarify their composition and bonding configurations. The XPS spectra show the presence of C, N, and O atoms as major components in the grown films. The atomic ratios of nitrogen to carbon in the films are estimated as 0.16-0.28, which are comparable to those in amorphous carbon nitride (a-CN(x)) films grown by conventional vapor deposition techniques. The analysis of C 1s and N 1s spectra reveals that the major bonding states of the grown films are attributed to a mixture of C  N and hydrogenated C = N bonds.
Facile synthesis and characterization of anatase TiO 2/g-CN composites for enhanced photoactivity under UV-visible spectrum	For the purpose of atmospheric NO removal, anatase TiO2/g-CN photocatalytic composites were prepared by using a facile template-free calcination route in atmospheric conditions. Considerably fiscal NP400 and laboratory-grade melamine were used as the precursor of the composites. Additionally, samples were prepared with different wt. ratios of TiO2 and melamine by using two distinct calcination temperatures (550 °C/600 °C). The morphological attributes of the composites were assessed with X-ray diffraction, scanning and transmission electron microscopy, infrared spectroscopy, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. Additionally, the optical traits were evaluated and compared using UV-visible diffuse reflectance spectroscopy and photoluminescence analysis. Finally, the photodegradation potentials for atmospheric NO by using the as-prepared composites were assessed under both UV and visible light irradiation. All the composites showed superior NO oxidation compared to NP400 and bulk g-CN. For the composites prepared by using the calcination temperature of 550 °C, the maximum NO removal was observed when the NP400 to melamine ratio was 1:2, irrespective of the utilized light irradiation type. Whereas for increased calcination temperature (600 °C), the maximum NO removal was observed at the precursor mix ratio of 1:3 (NP400:melamine). Successfully narrowed energy bandgaps were perceived in the as-prepared composites. Moreover, a subsequent drop in NO2 generation during NO oxidation was observed under both UV and visible light irradiation. Interestingly, higher calcination temperature during the synthesis of the catalysts has shown a significant drop in NO2 generation during the photodegradation of NO.
Binding of arylazidocytochrome c to yeast cytochrome c peroxidase	Cytochrome c derivatives modified with a photoactivatable arylazido group in selected lysine residues were irradiated in the presence of cytochrome c peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.5). A derivative modified at lysine 13 was able to cross-link to the enzyme and inhibit electron transfer activity. Complete inhibition of cytochrome c peroxidase activity was obtained when 1 mol of cytochrome c was covalently bound per mol of cytochrome c peroxidase. Chemical cleavage of the covalent complex has been used for a preliminary characterization of the site of cross-linking of cytochrome c to cytochrome c peroxidase. This linkage site was localized to the NH2 terminal part of cytochrome c peroxidase including residues 1-51.
Band structure engineering of graphitic carbon nitride via Cu2+/Cu+ doping for enhanced visible light photoactivity	Cu doped g-C3N4 nanosheets are synthesized by a facile process of calcining dicyandiamide, ammonium chloride (NH4Cl) and copper chloride (Cu(II)Cl-2) at N-2 environment. XRD, FTIR and XPS results indicate that the Cu species coordinated in the pore among three tri-s-triazine units at the states of Cu2(+/)Cu(+), expanding visible light absorption and narrowing the bandgap of g-C3N4. The degradation rate is about 2.3 times higher than that of pristine g-C3N4. DFT calculations show that the doped Cu2+ ion acts as the strong reduction site, while the doped Cu+ as the strong oxidation site. Thus the Cu2+/Cu+ doping facilitates the photoinduced charge transfer by forming the S-S Z-scheme heterojunction of photosystem Cu2+ doped g-C3N4 (PSI) and Cu+ doped g-C3N4 (PSII). (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Laser-induced modification of carbon nitride thin films	The results of experiments on local pulsed ultraviolet laser annealing of carbon nitride (CNx) thin films are reported. It is shown that laser radiation can be used for efficient graphitization of CNx thin films. The degree of local transformation of diamond-like sp(3) bonded CNx compound films into graphite-like ones is dependent upon the radiation energy density. It is also shown that the electron field emission properties of the thin films can be modified by the laser treatment. (C) 2000 American Institute of Physics. [S0021-8979(00)07324-2].
Simple preparation of CuFe2O4/C3N4 composites: characterisation and enhanced photocatalysis	Novel magnetic CuFe2O4/g-C3N4 composite photocatalysts (CFCN) have been successfully prepared via a facile hydrothermal method. The CuFe2O4/g-C3N4 composites were characterised by X-ray diffraction, Fourier transform spectrophotometer, transmission electron microscopy, high resolution transmission electron microscopy, Brunauer-Emmett-Teller, and photoluminescence spectroscopy (PL). The photocatalytic activity of the as prepared CFCN composite photocatalysts was evaluated by the degradation of RhB under visible light irradiation. The CFCN composite photocatalysts exhibited enhanced photocatalytic activity for the synergic effect of CuFe2O4 and C3N4, which can lead to electron-hole pairs separation proved by PL analysis. Furthermore, the presence of H2O2 also improved the photocatalytic activity due to the possible Fenton-like effect. Because of the magnetic properties of CFCN composites, the catalysts can magnetically be recovered from the suspension solution. Therefore, the CFCN composite is a promising photocatalytic material for the applications in pollutant removal.
Edge activation of an inert polymeric carbon nitride matrix with boosted absorption kinetics and near-infrared response for efficient photocatalytic CO(2)reduction	The reduction of CO(2)into C(1)feedstocks (e.g., CO) by utilizing solar energy has attracted increasing attention for the efficient production of renewable energy. However, a significant challenge in the reduction of CO(2)is achieving high conversion efficiency due to the high C=O dissociation energy of CO(2)and difficultly in accessing the surface of photocatalysts. Herein, we fabricated a polymeric carbon nitride (PCN) catalyst with hydroxyethyl groups grafted on its edgeviaa facile bottom-up strategy, facilitating the efficient surface absorption of CO(2)and lowering the CO(2)transformation energy barrier; this was accompanied with exceptional extended optical absorption ability to the near-infrared region and increase in the density of states at the Fermi level. Thus, concentrated CO(2)molecules could contact the surface of PCN and be easily activated; this resulted in an excellent CO production rate of up to 209.24 mu mol h(-1)g(-1)in the modified PCN (i.e., 39.5-fold increase compared to that of pristine PCN) and a selectivity of 98.5% under white LED illumination, exceeding that of most PCN-based energy conversion systems reported to date. Notably, this PCN matrix also exhibited photocatalytic activity for the production of CO in the near-infrared region from 780 to 850 nm. These results pave the way for the development of structured photocatalysts with easy accessibility for CO(2)and broadband spectral response for the efficient photocatalytic reduction of CO2.
The chemistry of the collagen cross-links. Purification and characterization of cross-linked polymeric peptide material from mature collagen containing unknown amino acids	A polymeric form of the alpha 1-chain C-terminal peptide alpha 1 CB6 (poly-alpha 1 CB6) was purified from CNBr digests of insoluble bovine tendon type-I-collagen by gel filtration and ion-exchage chromatography. The purified material had a molecular weight of 1.5 x 10(6)-5 x 10(6) on gel filtration and an amino acid content virtually identical with that of monomeric peptide alpha 1 CB6. The material could be adsorbed on affinity gels containing immobilized anti-(alpha 1 CB6-peptide non-helical region) antibodies and was an inhibitor of haemagglutination by the same antibodies of alpha 1 CB6-peptide-coated sheep erythrocytes. Periodate treatment of the material had no effect. Alkali hydrolysates were shown to contain two unknown amino acids, which were purified by gel filtration and ion-exchange chromatography in volatile buffers and are believed to be components of the mature cross-link of collagen.
AB-INITIO HARTREE-FOCK STUDY OF STRUCTURAL AND ELECTRONIC-PROPERTIES OF BETA-SI3N4 AND BETA-C3N4 COMPOUNDS	Structural and electronic properties of beta-Si3N4 and beta-C3N4 compounds are studied using the ab initio Hartree-Fock method. The crystalline orbital program CRYSTAL-92 has been used to evaluate the equilibrium binding energy, lattice parameters, bulk modulus, band structure, density of states, and charge-density data of these materials. The calculated structural properties show good agreement with previous density functional calculations and with available experimental information. As expected, the Hartree-Fock cohesive energy is underestimated with respect to the values obtained with other methods that include electron correlation. On the other hand, the band energy gaps are overestimated. The calculated value of the bulk modulus for beta-C3N4 Of 4.50 Mbar is slightly smaller than the value of 4.66 Mbar obtained for diamond with the same method. The charge-density analysis shows a small amount of charge transference between carbon and nitrogen indicating the prevalence of a covalent bond in beta-C3N4 A mixture of ionic and covalent behavior was found from the charge distribution Of beta-Si3N4 The charge-density maps and a Mulliken population analysis emphasize the existence of two nitrogen sites with different bonding properties, for the two compounds studied.
L-cysteine-assisted synthesis of hierarchical NiS2 hollow spheres supported carbon nitride as photocatalysts with enhanced lifetime	Novel hierarchical NiS2 hollow spheres modified by graphite-like carbon nitride were prepared using a facile L-cysteine-assisted solvothermal route. The NiS2/ g-C3N4 composites exhibited excellent photocatalytic efficiency in rhodamine B, methyl orange and ciprofloxacin degradation as compared to single g-C3N4 and NiS2, which could be due to the synergistic effects of the unique hollow sphere-like structure, strong visible-light absorption and increased separation rate of the photoinduced electron-hole pairs at the intimate interface of heterojunctions. A suitable combination of g-C3N4 with NiS2 showed the best photocatalytic performance. In addition, an electron spin resonance and trapping experiment demonstrated that the photogenerated hydroxyl radicals and superoxide radicals were the two main photoactive species in photocatalysis. A possible photocatalytic mechanism of NiS2/ g-C3N4 composites under visible light irradiation is also proposed. The strategy presented here can be extended to a general strategy for constructing 3D/2D heterostructured photocatalysts for broad applications in photocatalysis.
Establishing WO3/g-C3N4 Composite for "Memory" Photocatalytic Activity and Enhancement in Photocatalytic Degradation	Tungsten trioxide and graphitic carbon nitride composite materials (designed as WO3/g-C3N4) were constructed via a facile hydrothermal process. The excellent catalytic memory activity of WO3/g-C3N4 was discovered and applied in organic pollutants degradation for the first time. With 3h pre-illumination, nearly 42.33% Rhodamine B (RhB) was removed in the dark by WO3/g-C3N4 via its nearly 8h memory photocatalytic activity. In addition, the photocatalytic degradation efficiency of RhB was 97.46% with WO3/g-C3N4 under the visible light. Meanwhile, the memory photocatalytic activity enhanced photocatalysis and effectively promoted the WO3/g-C3N4 mediated organism degradation.[GRAPHICS].
Preparation of molybdenum disulfide/molybdenum carbide complex used e.g. for composite photocatalytic material by mixing molybdenum source and sulfur source to synthesize molybdenum disulfide and mixing with carbon nitrogen compound	
Template free fabrication of porous g-C3N4/graphene hybrid with enhanced photocatalytic capability under visible light	Graphene modified porous g-C3N4 (porous g-C3N4/graphene) with efficient photocatalytic capability under visible light irradiation was fabricated by means of calcinations without extra templates. We expected that the photocatalytic capability of this hybrid photocatalyst could be enhanced by the efficient visible light absorption owing to the porous structure and efficient photogenerated charge separation owing to the heterojunction built between porous g-C3N4 and graphene. Scanning electron microscopy images demonstrated that the as prepared photocatalyst is composed of graphene and porous g-C3N4. The ultraviolet-visible diffuse reflectance spectrum shows that optical absorption for porous g-C3N4/graphene is more intensive than for pristine g-C3N4/g-C3N4/graphene/porous g-C3N4. The enhanced generation of photo-current under visible light irradiation (lambda > 400 nm) is observed using the porous g-C3N4/graphene. The results of photocatalytic experiments under visible light irradiation reveal that the pseudo first order kinetic constant of photocatalytic degradation of methylene blue using the porous g-C3N4/graphene is six times as great as that in pristine g-C3N4 showing the advantage of the unique structure in the porous g-C3N4/graphene for efficient photocatalysis.
Noble metal -doped graphitic carbon nitride photocatalyst for enhancement photocatalytic decomposition of antibiotic pollutant in wastewater under visible light	This study the noble metal (Ag)-doped graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) photocatalyst was synthesized via a facial thermal condensation method. The structure and surface elements distribution of synthesized materials were characterized using XRD, SEM, XPS, UV-vis and N-2 adsorption-desorption experiment. The doping of Ag not only decreased the band-gap energy and particle size, but also enhanced the separation of charge carriers and decreased the electron/hole recombination in the g-C3N4 structure. The photocatalytic activity of Ag-doped g-C3N4 was investigated using oxytetracycline (OTC) as a model pollutant. The loading of 7% Ag onto g-C3N4 showed highest photocatalytic degradation efficiency of OT. The synthesized photocatalyst showed extremely high stability after 5 cycles as confirmed through various characterization techniques such as SEM and XRD. Eventually, several degradation intermediates of OTC were identified, and possible decomposition pathways were proposed. The 7-AgCN also was applied for the degradation of complex antibiotic wastewater, the removal efficiencies of OTC within 120 min was 98.7%. Overall, this work provides a novel strategy for the green synthesis of Ag-supportedg-C3N4, and its promising application prospect in environmental remediation.
Hardness Prediction of the Cubic Nitride Compounds	
Preparation of visible light photocatalytic material for oxidizing trace toxic refractory organic matter in water involves heating urea, calcining to obtain carbon nitride pale yellow powder, and dispersing in distilled water	
Solvothermal synthesis of the graphitic form of C3N4 as macroscopic sample	
Construction of Ag/AgCl-CN heterojunctions with enhanced photocatalytic activities for degrading contaminants in wastewater	The non-metallic organic polymer carbon nitride has attracted widespread attentions, but its photocatalytic performance is unsatisfactory due to high recombination of photoinduced carriers. To solve this issue, we report Ag/AgCl-decorated carbon nitride (CN) nanorod heterojunctions as efficient and stable photocatalyst. CN nanorods (diameter: ∼25 nm; lengths: 1-1.5 μm) were prepared by a simple solvothermal route, and then in-situ growth of Ag/AgCl nanoparticles (diameter: 20-40 nm) on CN surface was realized by a facile co-precipitation method. Ag/AgCl-decorated CN heterojunctions with diverse Ag/CN precursor molar-ratios (0.3, 0.5, 0.7) exhibit a wide absorption spectrum from UV to visible-light region (∼750 nm). After the illumination of visible-light for 120 min, 0.5-Ag/AgCl-CN nanorods can degrade 98.5% rhodamine B (RhB), 75.4% tetracycline (TC) and 39.5% Cr(VI), obviously better than those of CN nanorods (62.6% RhB, 35.6% TC, 19.7% Cr(VI)), Ag/AgCl nanoparticles (66.5% RhB, 18.5% TC, 24.6% Cr(VI)) and Ag-CN (72.6% RhB, 39.4% TC, 28.7% Cr(VI)). This obvious improvement should result from efficient separation of photogenerated carriers. Therefore, Ag/AgCl-CN can act as an efficient and stable visible-light-driven photocatalyst.
Synthesis of novel C-doped g-C3N4 nanosheets coupled with CdIn2S4 for enhanced photocatalytic hydrogen evolution	Photocatalytic hydrogen generation from water splitting has become a favorable route for the utilization of solar energy. An effective strategy, the combination of C-doping with nanocomposite semiconductors, is presented in this work. C-doped g-C3N4 (CCN) was prepared by supramolecular self-assembly and subsequently a number of CdIn2S4/CCN composite photocatalysts were designed and fabricated though in situ decoration of CdIn2S4 crystals on the surface of CCN nanosheets via a hydrothermal method. This unique architecture was able to efficiently promote the transfer and separation of photon-generated charges, enhance light absorption, and significantly increase photocatalytic H-2 production. Detailed characterization was performed to analyze the crystal structure, morphology, elementary composition, optical properties and catalytic mechanism. The CdIn2S4/CCN nanocomposites with optimal CdIn2S4 content exhibited a maximum H-2 production rate of 2985 mu mol h(-1) g(-1), almost 15 times more than that obtained using pure g-C3N4 (205 mu mol h(-1) g(-1)). In addition, the hybrid photocatalysts display good recycling stability under visible-light irradiation. This research may provide promising information for the preparation of more efficient multifunctional hybrid photocatalysts with excellent stability in fine chemical engineering.
Monoclonal B-cell response to diphtheria toxoid: evidence for cross-reactive epitopes	Our previous studies on the human specific B- and T-cell responses against diphtheria toxoid (DT) had shown that the B- and T-cell antigenic determinants were mostly assembled topographic sites with large intra-molecular cross-reactivities. In order to characterize further the B-cell responses against DT, and to investigate these cross-reactivities, we have produced 54 murine monoclonal antibodies (moAbs) against the native DT. Determination of their antigenic specificity showed that 25 moAbs recognized conformational determinants on the native DT, 20 moAbs reacted against the A fragment (DTA) of the toxin, and nine moAbs reacted with at least three distinct highly purified CNBr peptides of the B fragment (DTB); some of them simultaneously recognized two or three purified CNBr peptides of DTB. As shown by cross-inhibition studies, the epitopes cross-reacting with those moAbs were distinct. Previously described sequence data indicated that these epitopes were not induced by repetitive amino-acid sequences. Finally, a cross-reactive idiotype was shared by moAbs specific for the CB1 and the CB3 peptides of DTB. Altogether, these data indicate that anti-DT moAbs are mostly directed against conformational determinants, and may cross-react with several DTB CNBr peptides.
TiO 2/g-C3N4/CdS Nanocomposite-Based Photoelectrochemical Biosensor for Ultrasensitive Evaluation of T4 Polynucleotide Kinase Activity	Herein, an efficient photoelectrochemical (PEC) platform was constructed by a cosensitization strategy with a cascade energy level arrangement for the ultrasensitive evaluation of T4 polynucleotide kinase (T4 PNK). Based on CdSe quantum dots (QDs) with an extremely narrow bandgap, this cosensitization strategy offered a highly efficient sensitizer with a matching band-edge level of a ternary TiO2/g-C3N4/CdS nanocomposite. In this protocol, the ternary nanocomposite was first prepared to serve as the matrix to construct the PEC sensing platform. On the other hand, a well-designed hairpin DNA1 probe with 5'-hydroxyl termini was specifically phosphorylated by T4 PNK which would be selectively cleaved with lambda exonuclease (λ-Exo) outputting the 3'-thiol end ssDNA2. After tagged with CdSe QDs, ssDNA2 was captured by the complementary capture DNA3 on the electrode surface. As a result, CdSe QDs were in close contact with the ternary nanocomposite matrix, leading to an enhanced photocurrent response. Therefore, this proposed PEC platform displayed an analytical performance with a wide linear range from 0.0001 to 0.02 U mL-1 and a low detection limit down to 6.9 × 10-5 U mL-1. Moreover, this ternary nanocomposite-based platform exhibited excellent selectivity, good reproducibility, and remarkable storage stability, which shows great potential for T4 PNK detection and inhibitor screening.
Effects of the central metal ions on the photosensitization of metalloporphyrins over carbon nitride for visible-light-responsive H-2 production	Metalloporphyrins (MPyds, M = Co, Ni, Cu, Zn) bearing three 4-pyridines and one benzoic acid as meso-position substituents are adopted as photosensitizer of Pt-loaded carbon nitride (C3N4) for visible-light-responsive H-2 production, and the photosensitization shows an increasing trend in the sequence of CoPyd < NiPyd < CuPyd < ZnPyd under visible light irradiation. Among various MPyd sensitized C3N4 products (MPyd/C3N4), ZnPyd/C3N4 achieves the best H-2 production activity (524 mu mol h(-1)) with an impressive apparent quantum yield of 32.3% at 420 nm monochromatic light irradiation, higher than that of CoPyd (24.5%), NiPyd (26.1%) and CuPyd (28.3%) sensitized C3N4 products. Further investigations demonstrate that the distinctions in the photosensitization of those MPyds on C3N4 can be ascribed to the different central metal ions, which result in different absorption spectra, electrochemical properties and charge transfer processes. The present study is the first time to explore the effects of central metal ions on the photosensitization of metalloporphyrins over semiconductor for visible-light-responsive H-2 production, and provides a promising approach to highly efficient solar-to-hydrogen conversion through molecular design of metalloporphyrins for utilizing the visible light of sunlight.
C 60@C3N4 nanocomposites as quencher for signal-off photoelectrochemical aptasensor with Au nanoparticle decorated perylene tetracarboxylic acid as platform	Herein, a novel signal-off photoelectrochemical (PEC) aptasensor was proposed for sensitive detection of thrombin on the basis of C60@C3N4 nanocomposites as quencher and Au nanoparticles (depAu) decorated perylene tetracarboxylic acid (PTCA) as sensing platform. Owing to the excellent membrane-forming of PTCA and superior conductivity of depAu, the PTCA between two depAu layers can simply and effectively produce an extremely high initial photocurrent to afford a precondition for sensitive biodetection. Thereafter, the assembly of C60@C3N4 nanocomposites on electrode via typical sandwich reaction enabled the generation of a significantly decreased photocurrent. Here, the C3N4 with high surface area not only provided massive binding sites for C60 immobilization, but also partly competed with PTCA in light absorption for producing a significantly smaller photocurrent in the presence of electron donor ascorbic acid (AA). Additionally, both the C3N4 and C60 have the poor conductivity, which could inhibit the electron transfer to achieve a further decreased photocurrent, effectively improving the sensitivity of proposed biosensor. As a result, the PEC biosensor in a "signal-off" mode showed an extremely low detection limit down to 1.5 fM, providing a sensitive and universal strategy for protein detection.
Complete amino acid sequence of bovine plasminogen. Comparison with human plasminogen	The amino acid sequence of the single polypeptide chain of bovine plasminogen (786 residues, Mr 88092) was determined. Cleavage with CNBr yielded 13 fragments of which six originated from cleavage sites different from human plasminogen. Digestion with elastase gave three major fragments: kringles (1 + 2 + 3) and kringle 4, both with intact lysine binding sites, and mini-plasminogen. Subfragmentation was achieved mainly with 2-(2-nitrophenylsulfenyl)-3-methyl-3'-bromoindolenine (BNPS-skatole), Staphylococcus aureus V8 protease and trypsin. The sequences of fragments which were determined by automated Edman degradation, were aligned with overlapping sequences, or, in a few instances, by homology with the known sequence of human plasminogen. Sequence comparison with the human protein showed varying degrees of homology in the different functional and structural domains. The overall identity (78%) is practically the same as that found in those regions corresponding to the heavy (79%) and the light chain (80%) of plasmin. The average degree of identity among the kringles is 83%. Outside the kringle structures the extent of identity decreases, to 65% in the N-terminal region and to about 50% in the connecting strands between the kringles except for the strand between kringles 2 and 3, where only one out of 12 residues is exchanged. The results reported show that bovine plasminogen apparently contains the same structural and functional domains as human plasminogen. Bovine plasminogen also contains two carbohydrate moieties. The only partially substituted N-glycosidic site, Asn289, corresponds to partially glycosylated Asn288 in human plasminogen, whereas the O-glycosidic site of the human sequence, Thr345, is shifted to Ser339 in bovine plasminogen.
      Excessive deposition of collagen has been implied to be responsible for abnormal stiffness and altered cardiac function during hypertrophy and heart failure. In the present paper we studied the changes in collagen and their phenotypes during development of cardiac hypertrophy in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) compared to age- and sex-matched Wistar Kyoto (WKY). We also studied the changes in collagen after regression of hypertrophy, with antihypertensive therapy with ACE inhibitors, captopril (C) and lisinopril (L).
Dimeric hemoglobin of the bivalve mollusc Anadara broughtonii: complete amino acid sequence of the globin chain	The complete amino acid sequence of a dimeric hemoglobin (HbI) from the marine bivalve mollusc Anadara broughtonii was determined by sequencing of the intact chain and peptide fragments produced by cleavage at two asparaginylglycine bonds and at methionyl, arginyl, and tryptophanyl residues. The clam hemoglobin consists of two identical polypeptide chains. The globin chain has 146 amino acid residues with a proline at the NH2 terminus and a leucine at the COOH terminus. The calculated molecular mass of the native hemoglobin was 32945 daltons. The clam hemoglobin contains only two histidine residues, which correspond to the distal and proximal heme-linked positions. Compared with human beta chain, an additional segment of seven residues is present in the NH2-terminal region and also five less residues in the COOH-terminal region. Although such an amino-terminal elongation has been known to be characteristic of hemoglobins from the most primitive living vertebrates Cyclostomata, a very similar structure was found to occur in the hemoglobin from the primitive invertebrate arcid clam.
Localization of the binding site for streptococcal protein G on human serum albumin. Identification of a 5.5-kilodalton protein G binding albumin fragment	Protein G is a streptococcal cell wall protein with separate and repetitively arranged binding domains for immunoglobulin G (IgG) and human serum albumin (HSA). In this work, the binding of protein G to HSA was studied. The results suggest that a single binding site is present on HSA: the apparent size of the HSA-protein G complex (230 kDa) corresponded to two or three HSA molecules bound to one protein G molecule, and Ouchterlony immunodiffusion did not yield any precipitate between protein G and HSA. HSA was cleaved by pepsin and CNBr into several fragments which were identified by SDS-PAGE and N-terminal amino acid sequencing, and the binding of protein G to the fragments was studied in Western blot experiments. The results indicated that the binding area was located in disulfide loops 6-8, involving both the second (loop 6) and the third (loops 7 and 8) domain of HSA. One of the protein G binding pepsin fragments, with an apparent molecular mass of 5.5 kDa, located in loops 7 and 8, was isolated and found to completely inhibit the binding between protein G and the intact HSA, again suggesting a single protein G binding site on serum albumin. Reducing the disulfide bonds of HSA, and subsequent alkylation of the half-cystine residues, significantly decreased the affinity for protein G. Protein G bound to albumin from baboon, cat, guinea pig, hamster, hen, horse, man, mouse, and rat, but not to albumin from cow, dog, goat, pig, rabbit, sheep, snake, or turkey.
In-situ homodispersely immobilization of Ag@AgCl on chloridized g-C3N4 nanosheets as an ultrastable plasmonic photocatalyst	
Modification of the ultrasonication derived-g-C3N4 nanosheets/quantum dots by MoS2 nanostructures to improve electrocatalytic hydrogen evolution reaction	In this work, graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) nanosheets/quantum dots (NS/QD) was prepared using a simple and low-cost procedure. By two steps exfoliation in a bath and tip sonicator, the g-C3N4 (NS/QD) was produced from bulk g-C3N4. To improve electrocatalytic hydrogen evolution reaction (HER), the g-C3N4 (NS/QD) were modified by the MoS2 nanostructures. Nanocomposite of the g-C3N4 (NS/QD) with MoS2 nanostructures was deposited on a flexible, conductive and three dimensional carbon cloth by a facile and binder-free electrophoretic technique. This electrode exhibited a Tafel slope of 88 mV/dec and an overpotential of 0.28 V vs RHE at -2 mA/cm(2), lower than that of the g-C3N4, and good stability after 1000 cycles and 100 days for HER. The enhanced electrocatalytic performance was attributed to the MoS2 and g-C3N4 nanostructures on three dimensional carbon cloth, leading to high surface area and more number of the exposed active sites for HER. This heterostructure improved charge transport, proton adsorption and hydrogen evolution on the electrode. This work proposes cost-effective, stable and three dimensional g-C3N4 based electrode for hydrogen evolution reaction. (c) 2020 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The role of conserved amino acids in substrate binding and discrimination by photolyase	DNA photolyases catalyze the light-dependent repair of pyrimidine dimers in DNA. We have utilized chemical modification and site-directed mutagenesis to probe the interactions involved in substrate recognition by the yeast photolyase Phr1. Lys517 was protected from reductive methylation in the presence of substrate, but not in its absence, and the specific and nonspecific association constants for substrate binding by Phr1 (Lys517-->Ala) were decreased 10-fold. These results establish a role for Lys517 in substrate binding. Mutations at Arg507, Lys463, and Trp387 reduced both the overall affinity for substrate and substrate discrimination. Sites of altered interactions in ES complexes were identified by methylation and ethylation interference techniques. Interaction with the base immediately 3' to the dimer was altered in the Phr1(Lys517-->Ala). DNA complex, whereas interactions with the phosphate and base immediately 5' to the dimer were reduced when Phr1(Arg507-->Ala) bound substrate. Multiple interactions 5' and 3' to the dimer were perturbed in complexes containing Phr1(Trp387-->Ala) or Phr1(Lys463-->Ala). In addition the quantum yield for dimer photolysis by Phr1(Trp387-->Ala) was reduced 3-fold. The locations of these mutations establish that a portion of the DNA binding domain is comprised of residues in the highly conserved carboxyl-terminal half of the enzyme.
Binder-free heterostructure (g-C3N4/PPy) based thin film on semi-flexible nickel foam via hybrid spray technique for energy storage application	A semi-flexible binder-free graphitic carbon nitride (g-C3N4) intercalated polypyrrole (PPy) nanocomposite thin film was prepared via hybrid electrospray technique. A homogeneous thin film was achieved by the controlled spray process. A deposited thin film illustrated the amorphous nature of composite with high surface purity and good chemical composition. The surface analysis confirmed the smoother surface with well-defined distinct phases of g-C3N4 and PPy matrix in the composite thin film. The electrochemical studies exhibited that a maximum areal capacity of the thin film was achieved to be 289.6 mF/cm(2) at a current density of 0.4 mA/cm(2), which is higher than that of pristine PPy (194.8 mF/cm(2)). The heterostructure electrode illustrated that the life cycles of 99% could be up to 10,000 cycles with low resistance due to the synergetic effect of g-C3N4 and PPy matrix with strong material adhesion (hybrid spray process) on the surface. A binder-free heterostructure thin film will play a significant role in the energy storage application.
Plasmonic Ag nanoparticles decorated NiAl-layered double hydroxide/graphitic carbon nitride nanocomposites for efficient visible-light-driven photocatalytic removal of aqueous organic pollutants	Ag nanoparticles decorated NiAl-layered double hydroxide/graphitic carbon nitride (Ag/LDH/g-C3N4) nanocomposites were synthesized for the first time by an in situ hydrothermal method, followed by photoreduction. The visible-light-driven Ag/LDH/g-C3N4 nanocomposites exhibited enhanced performance for the photocatalytic degradation of aqueous Rhodamine B and 4-chlorophenol. Notably, the Ag/LDH/g-C3N4 nanocomposite with LDH and Ag contents of 15 wt% and 1 wt%, respectively, showed the highest photocatalytic performance, which was far superior to that observed for pure g-C3N4, LDH, and the binary Ag/g-C3N4 and LDH/g-C3N4 composites. The enhanced photocatalytic efficiency was mainly attributed to rapid charge transfer at the Ag/LDH/g-C3N4 interfaces and the surface plasmon resonance of the Ag nanoparticles, which promotes the separation efficiency of photogenerated charge carriers and improves optical absorption. Additionally, the Ag/LDH/g-C3N4 nanocomposites exhibited excellent photostability during successive experimental runs, with no significant change in degradation performance. These findings are expected to provide new mechanistic insights into the design and construction of efficient visible-light-driven photocatalysts for application in solar energy conversion and environmental remediation.
Organic motifs functionalization via covalent linkage in carbon nitride: An exemplification in photocatalysis	Carbon nitride (commonly termed as g-C3N4) is a promising 7-conjugated polymeric organic metal-free semiconductor. An inexpensive chemical synthesis procedure, phenomenal chemical stability and tuneable electronic structure of g-C3N4 has provoked its tremendous interest in photocatalysis. However, intrinsic limitations of pristine g-C3N4, such as low specific surface area, low visible light absorption ability and fast electron-hole recombination rate are quite unsatisfactory and decline it's photocatalytic efficiency. Therefore, considerable amount of efforts have been devoted to overcome these limitations by engineering the electronic structure of g-C3N4 at the molecular level. One of the ways is rational modifications in the electronic structure of conjugated g-C3N4 by integrating diversified set of organic motifs via covalent linkage which is highly recommended. Such covalent functionalization of organic motifs onto the surface of g-C(3)N(4 )provides strong covalent interaction between functionalized moieties and g-C3N4 synergistically improving the stability, electronic and optical properties. In this review, we attempt to highlight covalent engineering aspects of g-C(3)N(4 )electronic structure by integrating molecular organic motifs through post modification and pre-modification strategy, as it results in relative degree of improvement in physiochemical properties and its effect in photocatalytic applications. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hydrothermal synthesis of a CoIn2S4/g-C3N4heterojunctional photocatalyst with enhanced photocatalytic H(2)evolution activity under visible light illumination	CoIn2S4, a black semiconducting material, possesses an outstanding visible light response and is employed to modify g-C3N4. A series of CoIn2S4/g-C3N4heterojunctional photocatalysts are synthesized via a hydrothermal method, whereby cubic CoIn(2)S(4)nanosheets arein situimmobilized on the surfaces of porous g-C3N4nanosheets. Compared with the pristine g-C3N4and CoIn2S4, under visible light (lambda> 420 nm) irradiation, the CoIn2S4/g-C3N4composite samples show markedly enhanced photocatalytic activity in hydrogen evolution. Among all of the samples, the 30% CoIn2S4/g-C3N4sample shows the maximum H(2)evolution rates, 5.2 and 23.9 times higher than those of g-C3N4and CoIn2S4, respectively. The efficient photocatalytic activity of CoIn2S4/g-C3N4composite photocatalysts is attributed to the formation of an intimate heterostructure, which not only significantly facilitates charge migration, but also enhances visible light absorption. Moreover, a plausible photocatalytic mechanism for the composite photocatalyst has been elucidated. This research provides a novel hint for fabricating visible-light-responsive heterojunction photocatalysts with high performance for energy production.
A monoclonal antibody to avidin dissociates quaternary structure and curtails biotin binding to avidin and streptavidin	An anti-avidin mAb, viz., H12G4, is shown to release bound biotin in a dose-dependent manner from holoavidin and holostreptavidin and inhibit the binding of ligand to the two apoproteins. The release of biotin by this mAb is accompanied by quenching of ligand-induced enhanced fluorescence of the FITC-avidin conjugate. In terms of mechanism of release of bound biotin, we demonstrate that on binding to the Fab fragment of the mAb, the native tetrameric holoavidin undergoes dissociation progressively with time to monomers with no bound biotin associated with the latter. Based on the immunoreactivity associated with defined overlapping fragments of avidin obtained by chemical cleavage, the epitope recognized by mAb H12G4 has been localized to residues 58-96 of the primary sequence. By pepscan method of epitope mapping, this mAb is shown to identify a minimal core sequence of 87RNGK90 in avidin and a corresponding sequence of 84RNAH87 in streptavidin.
